###Chapter 1

    na Waverley stared at the signed divorce papers on the table, the man’s name already inked.

    She looked out the window again, tears welling up in her eyes.

    Thaddeus Abernathy’s figure was especially elegant in the afternoon sun, his aloofness and dominance making him incredibly attractive, even his silhouette seemed indifferent.

    “I’ve signed, you should too. I hope we can get through all the legal stuff before Acacia gets back.” Thaddeus stood with his hands behind his back, not turning around. “Since we signed a prenuptial agreement, there won’t be any property disputes in the divorce. I’ll give you two million dors and a vi in Wye aspensation. I need to exin to grandpa that you’re not leaving empty-handed.”

    na felt like she was struck by lightning, a sudden sense of loss washing over her. “Grandpa… does he know we’re getting a divorce?”

    “Does it matter if he knows? Will it affect my decision to divorce you?”

    Her frail b*dy nearly copsed, but she held onto the table, her eyes brimming with tears as she whispered, “Thaddeus, can we…. not get divorced?”

    Finally, Thaddeus turned to look at her with a strange gaze.

    His deep eyes and thin l*ps were incredibly se xy, and his clear facial features still made her heart race.

    “Why?”

    “Because… I love you.” na’s eyes turned red as she held back tears. “I love you, Thaddeus. I still want to be your wife… even if you don’t have any feelings for me…”

    “I’m sick of it, na. A marriage without love is endless torture for me.”

    Thaddeus waved dismissively, not even having the patience to hear her speak. “Marrying you was a mistake, you knew it was a rebellion against grandpa, and you knew I had someone else in my heart, I just couldn’t be with her for some reasons.

    Now that the agreed three years are up, and Acacia is back in the country, I’m going to marry her, so you need to leave this house.”

    na lowered her head, her tear drops falling onto the table, which she secretly wiped away.

    Thaddeus saw this, his gaze deep and calm.

    Then his phone rang, and as soon as he saw the name on the screen, he answered right away.

    “Acacia, are you on the ne yet?”

    His tone suddenly became so gentle. Was this the same cold, indifferent man from before?

    “Thad, I’m already at Elmsworth Airport.” Acacia Stirling’s cheerful voice came from the other end.

    “What? Weren’t you supposed to…” Thaddeus was surprised.

    “I wanted to surprise you.”

    “Wait for me, Acacia, I’ll be right there!”

    With that, Thaddeus hurriedly left na’s side.

    The door to the study was closed, and the air was filled with a sense of sadness.

    Her ten years of unrequited love for him, their three-year marriage… na had given her all to this home. Her deep affection for him, however, was nothing more than torture to him.

    Now, Thaddeus was like a prisoner who had finally been set free, he ruthlessly left her behind to go marry the woman he had always held in

    his heart.

    She felt so much pain, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t touch his cold heart.

    na took a deep breath, shaking her head with a bitter smile, her eyes filled with tears as they stared at Thaddeus’ name on the divorce

    papers.

    That night, Thaddeus brought Acacia back to Windermere Estate.

    The frail Acacia was carried in the arms of the young Abernathy heir, their brazen entrance attracting everyone’s attention.

    “Thaddeus, you and Ms. na aren’t divorced yet, we… shouldn’t be too intimate, she might have an issue with me if she sees us like this.” Acacia whispered, her hand stroking the man’s chest.

    “She won’t.”

    Thaddeus stated without hesitation, his gaze cold. “Besides, I don’t love her, our marriage was just a contractual agreement, she should know her ce.”

    The Abernathys warmly greeted Acacia, leaving only na alone in the kitchen preparing dinner.

    11:25

    Thaddeus noticed his deste wife in the crowd, a smile tugging at his l*ps.

    She was still trying to curry favor with the Abernathys in such a submissive manner. Did she really think that would make him change his

    mind?

    Ridiculous.

    “My lord! My lord!”

    Soon after, the butler rushed over in a panic. “Mrs. Abernathy’s gone! She’s left!”

    “Gone? When?

    “Just now! She didn’t take anything, just took off her apron and left through the back yard! A ck car came to pick her up!”

    Thaddeus quickly returned to their bedroom, which was neat and tidy, he saw the signed divorce papers quietly resting on the nightstand,

    tear stains evident on it.

    He frowned, walking over to the window to look outside.

    A Rolls Royce sped away from Windermere Estate at a breakn*eck speed, soon disappearing from sight.

    She couldn’t bear to leave the Abernathys in the afternoon, yet now she was running away so fast!

    Thaddeus felt yed, taking out his phone to call his secretary in annoyance.

    “License te EWA 9999, find out who owns that car!”

    Right away, Mr. Thaddeus.”

    Five minutester.

    “Mr. Thaddeus. I’ve found it, it’s the CEO of the K Group!”

    The K Group… the Ashbourne family’s young master?!

    na, a girl from a small vige with no money or background, who had no friends in the three years she was with him, was somehow with the Ashbourne’s young master?

    How surprising!

    “But Mr. Thaddeus, did you really propose the divorce to Mrs. Abernathy today?” The secretary asked tentatively.

    “Why? When should I propose divorce?” Thaddeus was seething.

    “But today… It’s her birthday.”

    Thaddeus froze.

    Sitting in the backseat of a ck Rolls-Royce, the eldest son of the Ashboume family, Cas sius Ashbourne, gently held her hand, his demeanor kind.

    *Heard you wereing back, we’ve got a whole bunch of fireworks ready to light up for you tonight.”

    ‘I’m really not in the mood for fireworks.”

    Having left the Abernathy family and reimed her status as the Ashbourne family heiress, she leaned on her brother’s shoulder, her nose stinging, her eyes swollen and red. She sighed, her eyes brimming with tears.

    She nced at her old phone, thest message wasn’t from her ex-husband, but Acacia.

    The message read: [I told you, you stole my spot, and I’ll make you give it back one day. Thaddeus is my man, stop daydreaming!]

    She gave a bitter smile, thest tear making everything clear to her.

    “What? You still can’t let go even now?” Cas sius tenderly pulled his sister into his arms.

    “Cas us, it’s my birthday today.”

    “I know, Thaddeus deliberately chose today to bring that woman home, he’s such a shameless jerk!”

    “So, there’s nothing I can’t let go of, because my heart-na’s heart, has been shattered by Thaddeus.”

    When na opened her eyes again, there was no trace of any lingering affection for that man in her determined eyes. She would use her former identity, Evadne Ashbourne, to live a good life from now on!

    “I struggled hard to get to where I am now, if I look back, I’ll regret it.”

###Chapter 2

    At dinnertime, Acacia, as the niece of Thaddeus’ mother, Elspeth Frost Abernathy, was eating with the Abernathy n, all in high spirits. Except for Thaddeus, who was brooding, his brow furrowed, not even touching his food.

    na had left with Cas sius, not taking a single personal item with her, including the two million dors and the mansion.

    “Where’s na? Howe she isn’t down for dinner?” Frederic Abernathy. Thaddeus’ father, asked in surprise.

    “We’ve called it quits. The divorce papers are all signed and sealed.” Thaddeus replied, looking down. “I’ll pick a day to get the legal stuff done.”

    “Divorce? Why?” Frederic asked, taken aback.

    “Ah, Frederic, I told you ages ago that Thaddeus and na were like oil and water, their marriage was just a set-up by his grandpa.”

    Elspeth let out a sigh. “The poor girl has been putting up with this for three years. Now she’s willing to let bygones be bygones and break up with Thaddeus, to seek their own happiness. It’s probably for the best. You know that Thaddeus has always loved Acacia.”

    “Thaddeus, marriage isn’t a game, especially when ites to na…”

    “Dad, the divorce is done. na has left.” Thaddeus frowned, clearly unhappy.

    “Huh, that country girl sure has guts.”

    Glynnis Abernathy, the young miss of the Abernathy family, sneered, “Is she cooking up something? Don’t let her go around saying we treated her badly!”

    Thaddeus’ frown deepened at those words.

    “Thaddeus, you’ve been too hasty this time. Your grandpa is still on his sickbed, how are you going to exin this to him?” Frederic was worried this might upset the old man and was feeling quite anxious.

    “I’ll tell it like it is. Next month, I’ll announce my marriage and officially make Acacia my wife.”

    Acacia looked at the man’s handsome profile, her eyes filled with sweetness.

    “You’re out of your mind! You can’t just ditch your wife like that, this will ruin your reputation!”

    “I’ve never cared about my reputation. na was never the woman I wanted.” Thaddeus was firm, with not a shred of regret.

    “Mr. Frederic, please don’t me Thaddeus. If you need to me someone, me me.”

    Leaning on Thaddeus’ shoulder, Acacia said tearfully, “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t havee back into Thaddeus’ life… I’ll leave tomorrow morning. Thaddeus, you should make up with na. I don’t want to be the one who destroys you…”

    “Acacia, this has nothing to do with you.”

    Thaddeus looked serious and took her delicate hand, “I’m done with na, and you’ve put up with enough over these three years. I won’t let you suffer anymore.”

    The evening breeze was cool and pleasant.

    Cas sius took Evadne for a walk by the river, sitting on a boat and admiring the stunning city night view.

    “Bro, are you trying to torture me?”

    Evadne looked at the couples around her andined, “This is a dating spot for couples! I wouldn’t dare toe here normally!”

    “Really? You should me your other brother for this. He said he would set off fireworks here at eight.”

    Cas sius nced at his watch elegantly, “Five, four, three, two, one.”

    Suddenly, a huge purple cloud-shaped firework burst out in the sky.

    All the lovers gathered on the deck, and the crowd on the shore also began to increase.

    “His taste is… puzzling.” Evadne shook her head in confusion, but she felt warm inside.

    “Considering all the weird gifts he’s given you over the years, this firework disy is a big step up.”

    Cas sius put his arm around his sister’s shoulder and pulled her into his arms, “And there’s more toe today. Everyone has prepared gifts for you. Your room is filled with them. Evadne, there are many people who love you. Make sure you give your love and time to those who deserve it, okay?”

    Evadne felt a lump in her throat.

    At this moment, a ck Maybach stopped outside the crowd.

    Thaddeus, holding Acacia’s hand, got out of the car. As the cool night wind blew, the woman yfully snuggled into his arms.

    “Wow, what beautiful fireworks! Thad, look!”

    11:25

    Acacia always had an innocent, girl-next-door charm In front of Thaddeus, which was one reason he was so smitten with her.

    In contrast, na’s gloomy and cold demeanor always left him dissatisfied.

    The only plus point na had in these three years was that she always behaved like a good girl In front of him.

    But what’s the point? She was not the one he wanted.

    The two of them walked to the railing, and suddenly, four fireworks exploded in the sky at the same time, spelling out “Happy Birthday!”

    “Wow, someone’s celebrating their birthday. I wonder who’s so lucky to get such a gift.” Acacia sald enviously.

    Thaddeus suddenly frowned. His heart felt a squeeze.

    Today was na’s birthday. Could the fireworks be Cas sius’ birthday gift to her?

    Suddenly, he heard a familiar voice.

    A ship pa**ed in front of them, and the man and woman on it were na and Cas sius!

    “Huh? It’s Ms. na! Who’s the man with her? He looks familiar… they seem to be pretty close.” Acacia asked, feigning innocence.

    Thaddeus’ frown deepened. He gripped the railing so hard his palm turned red.

    Just as he thought, she’s already dating other men before they officially got divorced? Then why was she crying so hard in front of him earlier today?

    The cruise ship was docked at the shore.

    When almost all the tourists had left, Cas sius and Evadne got off, his arm around her waist.

    “na!”

    Evadne tensed up instantly at the sound of this call.

    She slowly turned around, only to see Thaddeus walking briskly towards her. His handsome face still stirred her heart.

    But what good would that do? Her love had been destroyed by this man she’d been obsessed with for years. She had no energy left to love him anymore.

    “Who is he?” Thaddeus’ face was icy.

    “Seems that Mr. Thaddeus has a poor memory.”

    Cas sius held his sister tighter, smiling faintly, “We’ve crossed paths more than once in the business world.”

    “na, answer my question.” Thaddeus ignored Cas sius, inching closer.

    “We’re already divorced, Mr. Thaddeus. As for who this gentleman is, what does it have to do with you?” Evadne smirked, her tone cold and

    firm.

    Thaddeus’ expression changed. He couldn’t believe the usually gentle and lovely na would talk to him like this.

    “You’re already seeing other men before we’re officially divorced?”

    What the hell? He was the one who cheated first, and now he dared to say these words without a hint of shame?!

    Cas sius narrowed his eyes, and just as Thaddeus was about to punch him, Evadne stepped in.

    She was actually stepping in to protect another man? Thaddeus’ mood worsened.

    “We may not be officially divorced, but Mr. Thaddeus’ new woman couldn’t wait to intrude into our rtionship. I’ve stood by silently as someone else took my husband. Mr. Thaddeus, what right do you have to stop me from being with someone else?”

    Evadne’s hair fluttered in the wind, her l*ps full of mockery. This was a beauty and shock Thaddeus had never seen before. With a wild tone. she asked, “What, only my ex-husband is allowed to y the field? I, the ex-wife, can’t find my true love?”

    Her words were so sharp that Thaddeus was left speechless.

    Acacia, who was rushing over, stomped her foot in anger when she saw Thaddeus still had feelings for na. As a result, her high heel snapped and she fell to the ground.

    “Ah! Thad! My foot hurts!”

    Thaddeus finally snapped back to reality and rushed to help Acacia who had fallen.

    By the time he looked back, Evadne and Cas sius were long gone.

###Chapter 3

    Located in Silveke Harbor at the grand estate of the Ashbourne family was Skyrim.

    An elegant Rolls Royce parked right on the red carpet in front of the ancient mansion. Arnold Ashbourne, the second son of the Ashbourne family, personally came out to wee his sister and open the car door for her.-

    “Wee home, your highness!”

    Evadne’s beautiful face was even more stunning under the night lights. She had already changed Into her pointy high heels in the car, looking all graceful and aloof, just like a queen.

    “Amold, is everything fine at home?”

    “Everything’s dandy, but we’ve been eagerly waiting for your return. Did you like the fireworks disy? My birthday gift caused quite a stir, it even made the trending topics!” Amold’s handsome face was full of excitement.

    “Yes, I saw that. Everyone’s saying some rich dude sshed the cash to woo his love, and that you’re a shy rich kid. Congrats on unlocking a new life achievement.” Evadne pped in amusement.

    Arnold wasn’t fazed by her teasing, instead, he excitedly hugged his sister.

    “Evadne, you won’t leave again after this return, right?”

    “I’m not going anywhere. I’m divorced, where else would I go?”

    Evadneforted Arnold by patting his back, “I really let everyone down. I tried my best for three years, but I couldn’t even keep a man. I’ve failedpletely.”

    G od knows, her mood at the moment was like swallowing bitter medicine, so bitter it made her want to cry, but she held it in.

    She swore that after she left the gates of the Abernathy family’s mansion, she would never shed a tear for Thaddeus again because he wasn’t worth it!

    “That ba stard Thaddeus! How dare he betray my sister! I’ll start investigating the Abernathy group tomorrow, and then I’ll have him dealt with!*

    Upon hearing this, Cas sius could only mutter, “Oh, G od.”

    ‘Cas sius, stay out of it! You’re a public se rvant.”

    Evadne gave a bitter smile, “Arnold, can you be more like Cas sius? More peaceful and loving?”

    “No way! Cas sius is peaceful because he let go of his struggles.”

    Amold angrily adjusted his tie, “Anyway, I won’t let it go! They can mess with me, but if they mess with my sister, the Abernathy group will always be in my sight!”

    Evadne, with Cas sius on her left and Arnold on her right, the three siblings walked into their long-missed homeughing.

    Meanwhile, Emeric Ashbourne, the chairman of the K Group, was pacing around his study with a joyful expression on his stern face when he heard his daughter had returned.

    “Dad, I’m back!”

    Evadne and her two brothers walked into the study. She plopped down on the couch, kicked up her feet, and promptly sent her high heels flying.

    Cas sius also sat down and naturally began ma**aging his sister’s feet.

    “What are you doing? Act like ady! Don’t carry yourself like a teenage boy.”

    Emeric tried to maintain a stern face, he and his daughter were like a pair of squabblers. He would miss her when she was away, but they would bicker the moment they saw each other.

    “Did you forget? I’ve always been like this, remember?”

    Evadne looked at the wall and spoke to her father.

    On the wall hung a painting she had drawn over a decade ago, which her father had inexplicably found and even had framed.

    The painting was from when she was young, and it had won a prize in a paintingpetition.

    The head of the Ashbourne family, having had four wives, often became the topic of conversation during people’s leisure time.

    Unhappy with this family environment, Evadne left at an early age for other countries and became a Doctors Without Borders volunteer, helping those in need.

    nauwich unur father to h o cirk upon returning. What a thoughtful daughter!” Emeric yelled in

    “Thanks for thepliment, dad!” Evadneughed, looking sweet.

    “Dad, now that Evadne is back, there are some things we should discuss.”

    After tying his sister’s shoces, Cas sius said seriously. “I’ve decided to step down from the position of K Group’s president and let Evadne take over.”

    Evadne’s gaze tightened as she intently looked at Cas sius’ determined side profile.

    “What?!” Emeric was so angry he was momentarily speechless.

    “I only agreed to help you manage thepany for three years, and now that time is up, I’m going back to the church. You know, my aspiration isn’t here, I want to be a priest.” At this moment, Cas sius seemed to radiate a holy light, his attitude firm.

    “If you won’t manage it, let Arnold do it!” Emeric, helpless, had to settle for his second choice.

    “No… I’m a government official, I absolutely can’t have any ties with big conglomerates. I’ll be suspended and investigated!” Arnold quickly dodged the suggestion, his face pale.

    Emeric felt very frustrated. What’s the use of having so many sons? They’re all very capable when they’re out there, but when there’s a problem at home, they can’t help at all.

    His health was deteriorating with each pa**ing year, and he had long nned to enjoy his old age. However, there wasn’t anyone in the entire family who could take over his “business empire”.

    It’s not that he didn’t like his daughter, he just insisted that his son should be the one to inherit thepany.

    “Who said women are inferior to men, I’m willing to be the president!” Evadne smiled and lifted her chin proudly.

    “You think just because you say you want to be the president, I’ll let you be the president? Do you think the K Group is a toy? Do you think you, a little girl, can earn everyone’s respect? Do you understand business?”

    Emeric’s aged face couldn’t hide his anger and sadness, “And you always do whatever you want, disappearing over trifles. If something doesn’t suit your taste, you run off to other countries, noting home for three years. Do you know how worried I was? How worried your mothers were? I thought you were blown to pieces while practicing medicine at the border!”

    Evadne felt a pang in her heart, her eyes slightly red.

    Even though she thought her father owed her mother too much, even though she had resentment towards him, she had secretly married Thaddeus and hadn’t returned home for three years. This time, she was indeed the one who was wrong, she was the one who owed her father.

    “Dad, Evadne knows as much about business as I do.”

    Cas sius elegantly picked up his coffee cup and took a sip, “Remember the financial crisis the Ashbourne group went through four years ago? Those effective group control measures were all Evadne’s suggestions.

    And the acquisition n for the Farley group two years ago, it was Evadne who stayed upte to make it.”

    Hearing this, Emeric looked surprised.

    “Dad, you don’t really know your daughter. She is the most patient and shrewd among us.

    You’ve always been known for your keen eye and talent in the outside world, and now there’s a female prodigy right in front of you. Why won’t you let her give it a try?” Arnold also actively advised from the side.

    After mulling it over for a moment, Emeric said seriously, “Alright, girl, if you want to manage the Ashbourne family, I’ll give you a test. Consider this opportunity a birthday present!”

    Evadne straightened up, her eyes sparkling.

    “Take a few days off. Next week, report to the K Orld Hotel in Elmsworth. If you can refurbish the ce within six months and reverse the hotel’s dire financial situation, I’ll consider letting you be president of the K Group!”

    Upon leaving the study, both Cas sius and Arnoldid their hands on Evadne’s shoulders.

    “Looks like you’ve got your work cut out for you, little one.” said Cas sius.

    “You’ve been away for so long, now that you’re back, it’s only right we give you a mess to clean up.” sighed Arnold.

    “I know, Dad is trying to make me back down, but unfortunately, that won’t work on me. I’m like a spring, the more you press me down, the higher I’ll bounce back.” Evadne clenched her fist, the ambition that had been dormant in her heart for three years was finally stirring.

    The two brothers exchanged a smile.

    “Girl, the bright future we’ve been dreaming of is now in your hands.”

###Chapter 4

    Five dayster. Thaddeus called over his secretary – Gordon, after the morning meeting.

    “Any knews about na?”-

    Standing by the floor-to-ceiling window, looking out at the Elmsworth scenery, Thaddeus’ tall figure cast a strong oppressive atmosphere.

    I’m sorry. Mr. Thaddeus. Nothing so far.”

    Gordon looked nervous, wiping the sweat off his forehead. “And, she didn’t return to the nursing home where she used to work after leaving that night. I personally went to her hometown Marlowe City to check, but the address was fake. No family shared the same surname as her.”

    “A fake address?” Thaddeus suddenly turned around, his eyes gloomy.

    “Yes, I checked with the local registrar office, but I couldn’t find any information about Mrs. Abernathy.” Gordon said. He was used to referring

    to na as “Mrs. Abernathy”.

    Thaddeus’ mind was in chaos. What kind of woman had he married? Was she a spy?

    “Did you check Cas sius’ identity? She left with him that night.”

    Tm sorry, Mr. Thaddeus. If President Ashbourne really wanted to hide her identity, we might not find any clues…”

    Thaddeus’ heart rate elerated, and anger shed in his eyes.

    *Cas sius seems like a decent guy. How could he do such a thing?”

    “Well this isn’t exactly a bad thing, right? It’s more like he’s taking over you ex-wife…”

    Thaddeus red at him, and Gordon was so scared he couldn’t catch his breath, coughing.

    The scene of Cas sius protecting na that night was still fresh in his mind, his deep eyes were shocking.

    Thaddeus felt oppressed. How could his wife attract someone like Cas sius to be her protector?

    He remembered what she had said in an attempt to win him back.

    – “Thaddeus, can we…not get divorced? Because…I love you!”

    “Liar!” Thaddeus red fiercely, a strong chill radiating from him.

    The more he thought about it, the angrier he became, and the angrier he became, the more he couldn’t stop thinking about it!

    At that moment, his cell phone vibrated on the table.

    Thaddeus collected his thoughts and saw it was a call from Acacia and quickly picked up.

    “Acacia, what’s up?”

    “Thaddeus, I’m in the Abernathy group lobby. Can youe pick me up? I made some snacks and wanted you to try them.”

    Acacia’s voice was sweet, even Gordon felt a tingling sensation just hearing her.

    “You’re in thepany lobby?” Thaddeus furrowed his brows.

    “Yes, Thaddeus. What’s wrong? You don’t want to see me?” Acacia’s sweet voice came through the phone.

    *No, I’ll send Gordon down to pick you up.”

    After hanging up, Thaddeus’ face became even more gloomy.

    His divorce papers with na hadn’t been finalized, and the news of their divorce hadn’t been released. If Acacia came to him directly at this time, it would cause a lot of controversy.

    He was not afraid of that, however…

    At this moment, his cell phone vibrated again.

    Thaddeus looked at the screen, his heart pounding.

    “Grandpa.”

    “You ignorant boy! Did you take my words as wind?!”

    Hamiltion Abernathy scolded, “I told you, once you marry na, you can’t have any contact with the Stirling family’s daughter! But you broke your promise and even let her into ourpany. You might not respect yourself, but don’t you care about na’s dignity? Get your a ss over here!*

    The atmosphere in the room was very oppressive.

    Hamiltion, leaning on his cane, sat down on the sofa with the help of his secretary and Frederic. He was fuming.

    11:25

    Thaddeus stood in front of his elder, standing tall, while Acacia was stopped outside the door. In Hamilton’s words, a woman like Acacia didn’t deserve to see his honorable face.

    “Speak! What’s going on between you and that woman from the Stirling family?” Hamiltion mmed his cane on the ground.

    “Dad, calm down…” Frederic tried to pacify Hamiltion, ring at Thaddeus.

    “Grandpa, the three-year term is over.”

    Thaddeus’ voice was h oa rse, he said word by word, “You once promised me, just marry na for three years. After three years, whether to continue or divorce, it’s all up to me.”

    Hamiltion’s face turned pale as if struck by lightning.

    In these three years, na, the obedient child, had stayed with him every day. Over a thousand days had pa**ed like shooting stars, he hadn’t

    realized the term was up!

    “Now, I choose to end this marriage and be with the person I truly love. You shouldn’t have any objections. na has already signed the divorce agreement. We’ll process the divorce in theing days.” Thaddeus said calmly.

    “What? You already divorced her?” Hamiltion stood up in shock, his vision turning ck, almost falling.

    Thaddeus quickly rushed forward to support Hamiltion, but was angrily pushed away.

    “Dad! They haven’t officially processed the divorce yet, just signed the agreement. You have a history of stroke, you can’t get too excited!” Frederic hurriedlyforted.

    “Why can’t I find a satisfactory daughter-inw? Why can’t I have a granddaughter-inw I like?”

    Thaddeus stood in ce, not knowing what to do. Frederic was also dragged into it.

    “I want na! Go get my na back! Without na, I can’t live peacefully. I want na to be the daughter-inw of the Abernathy family!” Hamilton was acting like a child, losing control of his emotions.

    “Thaddeus, call na now, have here see your grandpa!” Frederic said in a rush.

    “Grandpa, that’s pointless. Even if I bring her back now, our marriage is already over. There’s no going back.”

    Thaddeus thought it would be best to rip the band-aid off quickly. With time, feelings would fade.

    “Ah!” Hamilton started to shake and fell back.

    Hamilton’s sudden faint scared Frederic and Thaddeus. They quickly dialed for a doctor and searched for medication. The scene was

    chaotic.

    Thaddeus felt helpless, but he had no choice but to bite the bullet and call na.

    However, the automated voice told him, “The number you dialed has been disconnected.”

    Not only had na disappeared, her phone number was also disconnected?!

    “So annoying!” Thaddeus was so angry his eyes turned red and he clenched his fists.

    At the entrance of K Orld Hotel.

    Numerous executives were waiting for their new female leader.

    “I heard the new GM is a young woman!”

    “I don’t believe it. Four male managers havee and gone, and none of them could change the situation. Now a female manager is supposed to make a difference? What a joke!”

    “I heard she’s Chairman Emeric’s biological daughter…”

    “Chairman Emeric has so many wives, this daughter must be an unloved illegitimate child. If she really was his precious daughter, why would she be sent here to deal with this mess?”

    Everyoneughed.

    “She’s here! The new boss is here!”

    A top-of-the-line Rolls-Royce came to a stop at the entrance, followed by several high-end Maybachs. It was quite a spectacle.

    Seeing the license te, everyone immediately quieted down, focusing intently.

    The car door opened and the first thing toe into sight was a pair of ck high heels. An aura of authority.

    The next moment, a stunningly beautiful woman with a curvy figure and radiant face stepped out of the car. Her sharp eyes and queenly aura were intimidating.

    “Hello everyone.”

    Evadne slightly opened her rosy l*ps, her smile breathtaking. “I’m your new GM. But I need to clear something up: I’m not an illegitimate child.

    11:25

    I guess some of you might be disappointed?”

    As soon as she finished, those who were just talking broke into a cold sweat.

    A few minutes earlier, in the car.

    Evadne picked up herptop and shut off the two security cameras at the hotel entrance.

###Chapter 5

    So, the ugly truth of these top executives talking behind the female president is all out in the open now.

    “This is way too much! Missy is the only legitimate daughter of the Ashbourne family! What the hell were they thinking?” Jason, the President’s secretary sitting in the pa**enger seat, was so angry that his cheeks turned red.

    “Ah, all that stuff about being the legitimate daughter, that’s all in the past now. I don’t care about It, yet here you are still fussing over it.”

    Evadne squinted her eyes, reached out, and pinched Jason’s cheek, turning it even redder.

    “Evadne, you’re the future President K, can’t you act a bit more like a leader? Don’t treat Jason like this.” Cas sius frowned slightly.

    “What’s wrong? It’s okay for male bosses to flirt with female secretaries, but I can’t touch my male secretary’s face?”

    Evadne smirked, “Besides, he should be thanking me!”

    Cas sius just shook his head, his eyes filled with a doting and gentle smile.

    Meanwhile.

    The executives gathered around Evadne and Cas sius as they walked into the hotel.

    The vice president Keith Porter led them towards the elevator, but Evadne casually said, “I want to have a look at the restaurant first.”

    Well, okay! She started inspecting the moment she stepped in, without even saying hello!

    Nervously, Keith led President Ashbourne and the others to the buffet restaurant.

    Cas sius remained calm, just letting his sister do her thing.

    It wasn’t lunchtime yet, so there were no customers in the restaurant, but the waitstaff had already started setting up the food.

    Evadne’s sharp eyes scanned the dishes, stopping abruptly at the seafood section.

    She rolled up her sleeves, reached into the ** tank, and urately picked out a dead shrimp from hundreds.

    “Exin.”

    “Th-this shrimp isn’t dead…” Keith stammered.

    “It’s not dead? Then how about you try it?” Evadne said, smiling.

    “President Ashbourne, as you can see, there are many shrimps, it’s normal if one is dead…”

    “It’s normal for a shrimp to die, but if a customer ate it and got food poisoning, would you still think it’s normal?”

    Evadne immediately dropped her smile, “Also, there are 356 shrimps in this tank, I quickly counted, there are five dead shrimps and at least thirty barely alive. I don’t know how the customers would feel when they find such things in their $30 meal, but my opinion is, I’ll nevere to this hotel again! Dispose of all seafood immediately and find a new supplier. If I see one dead shrimp in tomorrow’s lunch, I’ll bring it back for you to taste.”

    Keith was scared stiff, and the executives were stupefied.

    Only Cas sius and Jason knew that Evadne had an amazing memory, she could remember a lot of information at a nce. When she was young, she even helped the police solve a major crime case with those eyes.

    Counting a few shrimps was a piece of cake for her.

    After arriving at the guest rooms, Evadne took a white handkerchief from Jason and gently wiped it on the wall and picture frames.

    “The cleaning is subpar, there’s dust, redo it.”

    The executives were utterly hopeless.

    “You must be thinking I’m being overly picky about these details, right?”

    Evadne appeared calm, but her tone was serious, “But these minor issues could lead to the downfall of a century-old hotel. If these problems were found by the star ratingmittee, we would lose our star rating!”

    She gestured to Jason, who understood and ordered, “Open the door to this guest room.”

    The head of the room department fumbled to open the door. In the past, when bosses came for inspections, they would usually clean two sample rooms for them to check, just for show.

    But President Ashbournepletely ignored the standard procedures!

    Evadne entered the room, first inspecting the bathroom, then the bedroom, sitting on the bed.

    Immediately, her face turned serious.

    But she didn’t say anything, just ended the inspection and went to the General Manager’s office with her brother.

    11:26

    “How do you feel after the inspection? Cas sius asked with a smile.

    “Heh, it’s aplete mess.”

    Evadne copsed onto the sofa, propping her elbow on the armrest and sighing. “Is Emeric testing me or mocking me? This hotel is the pits! Is this really a property of the Ashbourne family?”

    “Evadne, this hotel was founded by our grandfather. The Ashbourne group started with the hotel industry and gradually expanded with hard work, that’s how we got the K Group today.

    This hotel is not a disaster, but a ce carrying the sentiments of three generations of the Ashbourne group. But because we now have too many businesses, and indeed, the hotel industry has been in a slump these past few years, we all have our own jobs, so… it was neglected.”

    Cas sius sighed with self-me and helplessness, “You’ll have to work harder.”

    That’s when Evadne noticed the all-ck no in the corner.

    She caught her breath.

    “I had it put there. I remember you used to y the piano when you were feeling down, or you’d go to the riding range and have a good horse

    ride.”

    Cas sius blinked, “I think you’ll be busy these next two months, horse riding is not realistic, so when you’re tired, y a few pieces. You y the piano very well, I remember…”

    “Thank you. But I haven’t yed the piano in a long time.”

    Evadne’s throat was dry, an old wound in her heart that had taken so long to heal quietly opened again. The blood flowing from her cold heart was still hot.

    “What happened?” Cas sius was startled.

    “I injured my hand while working as a Doctors Without Borders, rescuing casualties on the battlefield. I ruptured the ligament in my little finger, it didn’t break, but it’s as good as useless, can’t y wide range notes anymore, might as well.. stop ying.”

    Evadne tried to sound as calm as possible when recounting the story.

    Cas sius’ heart ached, he quickly held his sister’s hand.

    “Was it… for Thaddeus?”

    “Yes, and no.”

    When Evadne heard that name, it still hurt like hell, but she managed to put on a radiant smile. “I got injured for world peace, that’s something to be proud of.”

    Five years ago, she bumped into Thaddeus, the man she had been missing, right on the battlefield of Snis.

    She was a field medic and he was a peacekeeper.

    He fought for peace and she almost lost the function of her hand trying to get him, a severely wounded soldier, back to safety.

    Back then, she saw it as an honor. Now, every time she looked at her numb pinkie, all she felt was pain.

    But that was all in the past. Even if she had loved the wrong man, she wasn’t going to sob and regret it.

    Just then, Jason hurriedly knocked on the door and walked in.

    “Miss, I’ve found what you asked for. Our hotel’s bedding and some furniture are supplied by Vintage Elegance. Mr. Keith was in charge of the

    contact.”

    “Vintage Elegance, huh.”

    Evadne elegantly crossed her legs, a dangerous glint in her eyes. “Tell the finance department to get me the hotel’s ount for the past two years. Then, contact a new bedding supplier and rece Vintage Elegance entirely!”

    *Such a big move? Cas sius raised an eyebrow.

    “Vintage Elegance was founded by Thaddeus’ brother.”

    “So, it’s a personal grudge.” Cas sius and Jason said simultaneously.

    “No! It’s because Vintage Elegance’s products are subpar. They sold us cheap bedding for our Snis hotel, so I’m going to punish them,” Evadne emphasized.

    Just the thought of that lousy mattress made her angry. Ufortable amodations could affect customer reviews, no wonder there were so many bad reviews online!

    “There’s another thing…”

    Jason hurriedly spoke again, “President Ashbourne asked me to keep an eye on the Abernathy family’s situation. I just got word, Mr. Hamiltion had a stroke and is hospitalized, in our Ashbourne group’s hospital!*

    11-26

    “He’s in the hospital?!” Evadne immediately stood up, in a state of great anxiety.

    At that moment, Cas sius’ phone rang.

    He nced down at the screen and smiled slightly.

    “Evadne, it’s your ex-husband.”

###Chapter 6

    The name Thaddeus stabbed Evadne deep in her eyes, and her heart vibrated along.

    “Should I answer the call?” Cas sius asked.

    “Answer it!”

    Cas sius calmly pressed the speakerphone, but didn’t rush to talk..

    “President Ashbourne, is my wife with you?” Thaddeus’ voice asked h oars ely.

    A rush of anger surged in Evadne, finding the word “wife” extremely annoying. “Mr. Frederic, watch your words, I’m your ex-wife now.”

    “na, you really are with him.” Thaddeus’ voice dropped a few more degrees.

    “What else? Do I have to stay at your house waiting to be kicked out?”

    She was so sarcastic!

    Thaddeus’ face darkened, “You shouldn’t be so hasty. Our divorce proceedings haven’t finished yet. Without a divorce certificate, you are still my wife in name. You should consider the Abernathy family and your own dignity.”

    “You brought Acacia to live at Windermere Estate during our marriage and forced me to sign a divorce agreement. Thaddeus, did you consider my dignity when you did these things?”

    Evadne sneered, continuing. “You never considered my feelings, why should I care about the feelings of the Abernathy family now? After all, I have given the position of the president’s wife to Acacia. Go ask her for dignity!”

    Cas sius raised an eyebrow, picked up a ** of water and took a sip.

    That’s the real Evadne, the timid little wife who had suffered in the Abernathy family for three years was just an image she created for Thaddeus.

    Although his sister was always perfect, he preferred the shocking, fearless girl.

    Thankfully, she’s back.

    1

    “I don’t have time to argue with you now.” Thaddeus’ voice sounded tired, “Grandpa is sick, he’s in the hospital now, he really wants to see you, he even refuses to take his medicine.”

    Evadne’s heart clenched.

    Even though she and Thaddeus had gone their separate ways, his grandpa had always been kind to her during her three years in the Abernathy family. After the divorce, she could give up everything, but she couldn’t leave the lovely old man who treated her like family.

    “Is it at the Ashbourne group’s hospital? I get it, I’ll go see your grandpa right away.”

    After hanging up the phone, Evadne sighed deeply, full of worry.

    “Evadne, let me take you there.” Cas sius said softly.

    “It’s okay, I’m going to see his grandpa, not to provoke him. If you take me there, it will only intensify the conflict.”

    Evadne waved her hand with a deep look in her eyes, “I’ll drive there myself.”

    Hospital

    Thaddeus and Gordon were standing outside Mr. Hamiltion’s ward.

    Evadne hurried over, and although she hadn’t seen him for just a few days, she could tell at a nce that the man had lost weight.

    Why should she care about him? Whether he is fat or thin has nothing to do with her.

    It’s so annoying!

    It wasn’t until they heard the sound of her high heels that the two men looked at her at the same time.

    They were both taken aback.

    Especially Thaddeus, he could hardly believe that this was his ex-wife.

    “Mr. Gordon, how is Mr. Hamiltion?” Evadne didn’t look at Thaddeus, only spoke to Gordon.

    “Mrs. Abernathy, is that you?” Gordon was a bit stunned, asking a dumb question.

    Thedy in front of him had a beautiful face with delicate makeup, red l*pstick, a ck suit that made her figure even more graceful, her legs longer, the red ruby butterfly brooch on her chest was exceptionally dazzling, and her eyes were sparkling.

    Evadne suddenly realized, she came in such a rush, she forgot to transform into the gentle na in a white dress and sneakers.

    “Of course it’s me. What, don’t you like my new look?”

    11:26

    “Of course not! Your new look is much prettier than before! And you look more confident and energetic.” Gordon said honestly.

    “Really? Maybe it’s because I got divorced.”

    Evadne smiled and said, “I crawled out of the predicament and saw the sun again, of course I’m energetic.”

    Thaddeus’ handsome face darkened a bit, feeling irritable, “If you think the past life was a predicament, why did you stay with me for three years? I’ve said more than once, if you want to divorce, I can take you to see my grandpa at any time, you don’t need to serve three years like a sentence.”

    A wave of sorrow hit Evadne.

    That’s Mr. Thaddeus, the woman he likes can’t be reced, the woman he doesn’t like, no matter how much she gives, he won’t give her a second nce.

    She fell deeply in love with his cold and arrogant attitude, and fell into the ocean of deep affection, paying a heavy price.

    *Since I promised your grandpa, I must keep my promise. I said three years, it’s three years, not a day less. But now you’re finally free, you can bring any woman home in the future, you don’t have to go out to see your lover in the middle of the night.” Evadneughed coldly.

    Thaddeus’ heart tightened.

    How does this woman have two personalities? Is it because they’re already separated so she doesn’t care?

    But it has to be said that the sharp and thorny her is more attractive than her previous gentle personality, Thaddeus’ eyes also stirred a bit.

    “Thad!”

    Evadne looked back coldly, saw Acacia hurried over with Elspeth.

    Seeing that Evadne was also there, a sh of displeasure crossed Acacia’s eyes, but was quickly reced by a pitiful weakness.

    “Why are you guys here?” Thaddeus asked in surprise.

    As soon as his voice fell, Acacia threw herself into his arms and hugged him proficiently.

    “Thad, why didn’t you tell me about this? Don’t you consider me your woman?”

    “Yeah, Thaddeus, you have no idea how much Acacia freaked out when she heard your grandpa was in the hospital. She barely managed to get some food down at lunch, but then she threw up…” Elspeth looked at Acacia with sympathy.

    “She threw up again?” Thaddeus looked worried.

    “Acacia has been dealing with stomach issues. Stress triggers it. We’ve seen a bunch of doctors, but while they say it’s nothing serious, they haven’t been able to cure it.” Elspeth sighed heavily.

    “I’ll find a top doc for Acacia. If the treatment here doesn’t work, I’ll take her overseas.” Thaddeus said, wrapping an arm around Acacia’s

    waist.

    Evadne snorted inwardly. She remembered her own struggles with her stomach issues, sweating bullets, going to the hospital alone. Although she never told Thaddeus, he must have seen her weak and pale, but he never showed any concern.

    So, Thaddeus knew how to love after all.

    Just not her.

    Acacia leaned against Thaddeus, smirking at Evadne.

    Hold on!

    When did this woman get so beautiful?

    And that butterfly brooch – wasn’t that thetest work by the famous designer Alea? Worth five hundred thousand bucks!

    How could this girl from the sticks afford such luxury? There’s no way she had that kind of money! That jewelry must be fake!

    “Thaddeus, why don’t you take Acacia with you to see your grandpa? She cried on the way here, she’s really worried about him.” Elspeth urged, ignoring Evadne who had once cared for their family for three years.

    Yet, Evadne remained indifferent. If she didn’t care about Thaddeus, why would she care about his lover?

    Just then, the hospital room door opened and Mr. Hamilton’s secretary stepped out.

    “Mr. Frederic sent me to check if his grandson and granddaughter-inw have arrived.”

    At this news, Acacia’s face froze with jealousy.

    “Mr. Murray, I’m here.” Evadne stepped forward urgently.

    “Mrs. Abernathy.” Mr. Murray gestured politely. “Mr. Frederic would like you and Mr. Thaddeus toe in.”

    Without another word, Evadne walked into the room.

    Thaddeus’ l*ps tightened slightly before he followed her.

    11:26

    “Thad, wait for me…”

    Acacia tried to follow but was stopped cold by Mr. Murray.

    “I’m sorry, but Mr. Frederic has made it clear that he will not see anyone other than his grandson and granddaughter-inw. Please, go back.”

    11-26

###Chapter 7

    In the hospital ward.

    Upon seeing Evadne, the previously feeble Hamiltion instantly perked up, his eyes lighting up.

    “na! Come here! Sit next to me!”

    Evadne immediatelyplied, obediently sitting next to Hamilton.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, how are you feeling? Is there anything bothering you?”

    “No matter how unwell I might be, just seeing you here makes me better!”

    Grabbing her hand anxiously, Hamiltion asked, “na, I heard from that jerk you’re divorced, is it true?”

    “Yes, we’re divorced.” Evadne’s long eyshes fluttered, a sense of loss in her heart.

    “That fool! He let go of such a great woman. Does he think he can marry a goddess from heaven?” Hamiltion struggled to sit up, ring at Thaddeus.

    Concerned for his grandfather’s health, Thaddeus didn’t dare to answer.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, don’t be angry with Thaddeus. I didn’t want to continue the marriage. Thaddeus and I… we are not on the same page anymore.” Evadne gentlyforted, patting his back.

    Thaddeus’ pupils slightly contracted.

    She didn’tin or incite his grandpa against him. Was she trying to win him back with this unusual method?

    Evadne, why are you so confident that I will be attracted to you?

    “na, were you mistreated in our home? Did Elspeth treat you poorly?” Hamiltion asked with concern.

    “No. Thaddeus and I just had different views, we couldn’t understand each other’s hearts. Breaking up was the best oue for both of us.”

    Evadne’s eyes reflected a flicker of almost unnoticeable sorrow, “Mr. Hamiltion, don’t me Thaddeus. We had beautiful memories in the past three years. That’s enough. We don’t regret.”

    Thaddeus frowned slightly, aplex emotion welling up in his heart.

    In his memory, he didn’t have any beautiful memories with Evadne. He didn’t even give her a proper wedding ceremony.

    Just a rushed marriage registration under his grandpa’s pressure, then she moved in with her simple luggage. She became his wife in name just like that.

    Did she really find this beautiful? Or was it sarcasm?

    “na… Was I wrong?”

    Hamiltion’s eyes moistened, he sighed with self-me, “I truly wanted you to be happy. I never thought that jerk would be so ungrateful. I’m sorry.”

    “Mr. Hamiltion, please don’t say that. It’s fate’s arrangement. I have already moved on, really.”

    Thirteen years of deep affection, now put behind her. Only God knows how deep her pain was.

    But since Thaddeus made such a firm decision, if she continued to cling on, she wouldn’t even have her dignity left. She didn’t want to be a bitter woman over a man’s little bit of love.

    “Mr. Murray, bring the birthday gift I prepared for na!”

    Mr. Murray quickly put on white gloves and brought over an exquisite red velvet jewelry box.

    Inside the box was a wless diamond bracelet!

    Evadne knew her jewelry, and she could tell at a nce that it was an antique piece, at least a hundred years old!

    “Mr. Hamiltion, isn’t this your wife’s…?” Thaddeus looked at the bracelet, his face suddenly full of shock.

    “Yes, it’s the love token I gave to my wife. It’s an heirloom of the Abernathy family, pa**ed down from my grandfather.”

    Hamiltion talked as he held up the bracelet to the sunlight, his eyes softened, “My wife told me before she pa**ed away that out of all her jewelry, this diamond bracelet was her favorite. She hoped that I could give it to my approved granddaughter-inw. She’s gone now, and I want to give it to my favorite na. Only you’re worthy of such a fine thing.”

    “Mr. Hamiltion, I can’t, this is too precious. Besides, I’m no longer…” Evadne nervously declined.

    “Even if you and Thaddeus aren’t together anymore, you’re still the only granddaughter-inw I approve of!”

    Seeing her refusal, the old man got a little angry, “If you don’t ept it, I’ll smash it!”

    “No, don’t!” Evadne hurriedly grabbed his hand, scared, “I’ll take it, I’ll take it. Thank you, Mr. Hamiltion!”

    11:26

    “Good girl!” Hamiltion happily put the bracelet on her himself.

    Evadne was already very beautiful. With the diamond bracelet, her hand looked even more stunning.

    Thaddeus had never really looked at her hand closely before, but now, he noticed her soft, delicate skin, not overshadowed by the jewelry. She was truly beautiful.

    “You, what did you get na for her birthday?” Hamiltion asked him angrily.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, Thaddeus… He already gave me a gift. A gift I’ll never forget.”

    Thaddeus clenched his fists, his l*ps tightly closed and his face pale.

    On her birthday, he indeed gave her a “big gift” – a divorce agreement.

    na, you really know how to hurt people!

    “na, is there really no chance for you and Thaddeus?” Hamiltion still didn’t give up.

    Gently holding Hamiltion’s aging hand, Evadne said, “If you really care about me, you should support me to live the life I want, don’t you think?”

    “Things havee to this, I can’t convince you otherwise. Can you wait until I turn eighty before you leave? It’s just a few days away.” Hamiltion tried to hold her back, feeling very reluctant.

    “Grandpa, this isn’t right.” Thaddeus frowned, his voice low and firm.

    “What do you mean it’s not right? Is it only appropriate if you bring Acacia here to celebrate my birthday, for me to ept her as my granddaughter-inw? Do she and Elspeth want to have all the Abernathy family men at their beck and call? They’re dreaming!”

    Hamilton was so angry he smashed the bed hard, “If you still consider me as your grandfather and wish for me to live longer, stay away from that Acacia! I’m telling you, even when I’m dead I won’t ept her!”

    Outside the door, Acacia paced anxiously, grinding her teeth in frustration.

    “Stop pacing, you’re making me dizzy.”

    Elspeth rubbed her temples and shook her head, “You’re too impatient. You know Mr. Hamilton’s attitude towards you, he’s old, how long can he influence Thaddeus? All you need to do is to win Thaddeus’ heart, that’s enough.”

    “Even so, as long as he’s alive, he doesn’t recognize my status, I can’t marry Thad publicly!” As soon as the words left her mouth, Acacia quickly covered it and looked around nervously.

    “Back then, Mr. Hamilton also refused to ept me, but what could he do? Didn’t I still marry into this family?”

    Elspeth admired her newly done manicure, “Thaddeus is his grandson, as long as Thaddeus insists on you, Mr. Hamilton will eventually agree.”

    Acacia thought she made sense, and her mood calmed down a lot.

    At this moment, the door to the ward finally opened.

    Mr. Murray escorted the two out.

    Acacia quickly hid the calcting expression on her face and approached them softly.

    Suddenly, her pupils shrank!

    The diamond bracelet on Evadne’s wrist was so beautiful that it was hard to look away, it was many times better than the so-called heirloom on her own wrist!

    She didn’t have it when she went in, but she did when she came out. Who else could have given it to her but the old man?!

    Acacia was so jealous that she was unrecognizable, and immediately felt malicious. As she approached them, she suddenly lunged at Evadne.

    “Ah!”

    Acacia intended to pretend to fall on her, and in the struggle, sna tch her bracelet and break it.

    Who would have thought, Evadne half-closed her eyes and elegantly dodged.

    Acacia fell t on her face in front of her!

    Immediately, there was a crisp sound–

    The bracelet on Acacia’s hand broke!

###Chapter 8

    “Oh man, Acacia, you okay?” Elspeth was taken aback, yet couldn’t help but chuckle a bit.

    Seeing this. Thaddeus rushed over, bent down to pull Acacia up from the ground, but she wouldn’t budge. “Thad, I’m hurt all over, hold me.” Acacia was crying out loud, her knees numb from the fall.

    Evadne stood with her arms crossed, coldly watching this spectacle.

    Acacia, the kind of woman who would y the damsel in distress whenever Thaddeus was around.

    “Thad, Ms. na pushed me!”

    Acacia hid herself in the man’s arms, shooting daggers at Evadne with her eyes.

    “Acacia, what did you just say?” Thaddeus was taken aback.

    “You sure I pushed you?” Evadne scoffed, watching her perform.

    “You think I just tripped myself?” Acacia’s voice, usually soft and gentle, was raised in indignation.

    “Well, it’s not impossible. You look like you’re on yourst legs, maybe you were blown over by the wind.”

    “You’re cursing me to die soon?!” Acacia’s face turned red with anger, “I clearly felt you push me when I was walking by. Are you denying it?!”

    “Ms. Acacia, this is a society ofws, cameras are everywhere, you can’t just talk nonsense.”

    Evadne’s eyes darkened, her presence intimidating, “If I find evidence, I can sue you for defamation.”

    Thaddeus’ pupils dted, feeling as if na hadpletely changed.

    She was no longer the meek wife who lived alone in an empty house.

    Acacia was clearly being oppressed by Evadne’s powerful presence, she quickly turned to Elspeth for help.

    “Oh dear, it’s just a misunderstanding!”

    Elspeth sneakily nced at the camera above, “Acacia must’ve tripped and identally bumped into na. So you thought she pushed you, it’s all a misunderstanding!”

    “Acacia, did you really just trip?” Thaddeus looked at the woman in his arms, his tone slightly cold.

    “I thought she pushed me…”

    The man’s expression froze.

    Acacia panicked, “If she hadn’t stepped aside, I wouldn’t have fallen! She did it on purpose! My bracelet is broken too, it was a family heirloom! If it wasn’t for her, it wouldn’t have broken!

    Ms. na, I know you’re not happy about your divorce with Thad, but you shouldn’t take it out on me. Is it my fault you two broke up?”

    With that, Acacia started crying again.

    What a woman, always ready to cry.

    “Firstly, I’m not upset, on the contrary, I should thank you for helping me escape from misery, not having to wait upte at night for someone.” Evadne proudly retorted.

    Wait upte at night? Thaddeus’ face stiffened.

    “And secondly, if this bracelet is really a family heirloom, you should be thanking me.”

    Evadne walked over, picked up half of the bracelet, “This is fake.”

    “What?!” Acacia was shocked, even Elspeth was taken aback.

    “This bracelet is made of fake crystals, wearing it for a long time is actually harmful to your b*dy, the toxic substances can seep into your skin and affect your blood system.”

    Evadne tossed the broken bracelet into the trash, her diamond bracelet, a gift from Thaddeus’ grandfather, seemed to mock Acacia.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, since Ms. Acacia is going to be with you, you should at least buy her some decent jewelry.”

    “na.” Thaddeus frowned, showing his displeasure.

    “I still have a crystal frog on my dressing table at his ce, if you don’t mind, you can take it and make a bracelet.” Evadne brushed off her hands, as if touching the bracelet would d*rty them.

    Frog… frog?!

    na was clearly poking fun at her!

    11:26

    Acacia was furious, but Evadne was already far away.

    Outside the hospital.

    Evadne couldn’t help butugh as she thought about Acacia’s shocked expression.

    “na.”

    Hearing Thaddeus’ deep voice, she turned to look at him.

    A breeze blew by, lifting her hair, adding a touch of beauty to her.

    Thaddeus approached her.

    “Anything else. Mr. Thaddeus?”

    Evadne was cold, “If Ms. Acacia is still upset about her bracelet, tell her that I will buy a bunch for her at the market tomorrow.”

    “Earlier in the ward, you and grandpa said…”

    “Oh, that. Don’t overthink it, I just didn’t want to upset your grandpa.” Speaking of Mr. Hamiltion, her eyes softened.

    “Then we’re even.”

    Evadne was confused.

    “You faked your identity, fooled me. We’ll call it even. I won’t tell grandpa, or anyone in the Abernathy family.” Thaddeus looked serious.

    Evadne’s eyes widened, was this for real?

    “But you have to tell me, why did you marry me under a false identity? No, I should ask.”

    Thaddeus closed in on her, “What were you after when you approached grandpa with a fake identity?”

    Evadne’s heart raced, she backed away.

    But she forgot about the steps behind her, lost her footing, and was about to fall backward!

    But the next second, she felt someone steady her.

    Their eyes met, Evadne blushed, Thaddeus looked a bit nervous.

    Even now, she found Thaddeus very attractive.

    Thirteen years ago, Evadne was only eleven, in the terrifying darkness, she would never forget those bright eyes.

    Thaddeus had saved her life, without him, Evadne might not be alive today.

    The Thaddeus now, truly made her feel pain, his presence was like a near-death experience.

    With a push, he helped Evadne stand upright.

    “Thanks.”

    “Answer the question I just asked.” Thaddeus persisted.

    “I’m not your wife anymore, I have the right not to tell you.”

    Evadne scoffed, turned around, “Since you said we owe each other nothing, why are you still pestering me? Even if I used a fake identity, I didn’t do anything to harm you in these three years, did I?”

    Suddenly, Thaddeus grabbed her arm tightly, his eyebrows furrowed, “We haven’t processed our papers yet, technically, you’re still my wife. So you’re obliged to let me know your identity!”

    “I have nothing to tell you!”

    Evadne was breathing heavily, her eyes welling up, “Mr. Thaddeus, you talk about obligations, isn’t it too ridiculous? You haven’t fulfilled your duties as a husband for these three years, how dare you demand me fulfill the duties of a wife?!”

    “Evadne, even if you don’t tell me, I’ll find out!” Thaddeus suddenly pulled her into his arms, the two of them close enough to feel each other’s breath.

    He’s not one to easily lose his temper, but this woman had been pushing his buttons ever since she left him.

    She sure has guts!

    “Well, you go ahead and find out, why are you asking me?”

    Evadne forcefully broke free of his grasp and left without looking back.

    Thaddeus watched her cold and elegant figure retreat, thinking of her fiery red l*ps and those sharp ck high heels, feeling a tightness in his chest.

    Why has she be like this?

    11:26

    Chapter

    Is it to cater to Cas sius’ preferences?

    This sly woman! Why does his grandpa like her?

    “Mr. Thaddeus, Ms. Acacia said she twisted her ankle, she’s crying and wants you to go check on her.” Gordon panted as he caught up. Suddenly, the roar of a sports car engine filled the air.

    “Ah! It’s, it’s Mrs. Abernathy!”

    Thaddeus was stunned to see his ex-wife driving a sports car, wearingrge sun**es that covered half her face, and zooming past him with a swagger!

    She was driving a top-of-the-line, limited edition Bugatti La Volture Noire.

    “Mrs. Abernathy… turns out she’s a secret rich woman!” Gordon’s eyes nearly popped out of his head.

    Thaddeus’ gaze darkened even more, his hand slowly clenching into a fist.

    “Chase after her!”

###Chapter 9

    Evadne stylishly held the steering wheel, tearing down the road with the nocturnal aria “The mes of revenge burn in my heart” sting from her speakers.

    She wasn’t afraid of Thaddeus checking on her, she just couldn’t understand why a man who treated her like air for three years, never asking about her, suddenly became curious only when their marriage was at its end.

    Maybe it’s just how men are. If a woman cares about him, he’ll just be annoyed; but if she ignores him, he’lle running.

    Suddenly, Evadne nced at the rear-view mirror, her brows slightly furrowed.

    In the not too distant back. Thaddeus’ Lambo was stubbornly tailing her!

    “You want to tail me? Dream on.”

    Evadne smirked, mming the pedal to the metal.

    Her La Voiture Noire drifted left like a lightning bolt, vanished in the blink of an eye.

    “Hurry, keep up!” Thaddeus, sitting in the pa**enger seat, urged nervously.

    Gordon was freaking out, he had never driven this fast. His heart was about to jump out of his mouth!

    Finally, they caught a glimpse of Evadne’s tail lights. Thaddeus’ face remained impa**ive, but he secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, Mrs. Abernathy’s driving skills are insane! The song ‘See You Again’ really suits her.” Gordon couldn’t help but exim.

    “What ‘See You Again’? When did she be such a good driver?” Thaddeus frowned in confusion.

    “Don’t you know? Mrs. Abernathy is a huge fan of racing movies, especially ‘The Fast and the Furious’. Every time I see her, that movie is ying on the TV in her living room and she often listens to that song.”

    Gordon was getting more and more excited, “Who would have thought Mrs. Abernathy had such a personality, I always thought she was a delicatedy who needed to be taken care of.”

    Even Thaddeus himself was fooled by this woman.

    What’s more annoying is that his secretary knows more about his wife than he does!

    “Oh no! Mrs. Abernathy is speeding up!”

    “Keep up, or I’ll deduct your annual sry!” Thaddeus clenched his jaw, his handsome face turned pale.

    Gordon was afraid of losing his sry, but he was more afraid of losing his life.

    As a result, after two fast and furious drifts by Evadne, theypletely lost sight of her tail lights.

    “We… we lost her…” Gordon deted.

    Thaddeus punched the car window, his temple vein bulging.

    na, why are you hiding behind so manyyers?

    What’s your real identity?

    At night, Cas sius and Arnold arrived at their sister’s private vi.

    In the open kitchen, Cas sius was fl*pping pans and Arnold was chopping vegetables, while Evadne, with a loll*pop in her mouth, enjoyed the sight of her brothers cooking.

    “Done! Four kills!”

    Evadne looked at her record on the screen and pped her hands in triumph.

    “Sis, your skills are still top-notch.” Arnold smiled at her. His smile was the warmest among the four brothers.

    “See, I’m like a skilled but cher, alwayspleting tasks precisely.”

    Evadne knelt on the chair, her arms on the edge of the table, the loll*pop in her mouth bobbing up and down, looking adorable.

    “Hey, you’re quite confident, let’s have a match tomorrow, I’ll show you what real skills are.”

    “You lost quite badlyst time, I’d say don’t bother challenging me.” Cas sius said, handing Evadne a piece of cut beef.

    “Humph…st time I had to quit because of a sudden mission, otherwise we would have won!” Arnold was clearly discontented.

    “I’m going to start cooking, Evadne, you’re allergic to smoke, go wait in the living room.” Cas sius said gently.

    Evadne paused, a pang of sorrow welled up in her heart.

    She hadn’t told her brothers that although she’s allergic to smoke, she had been a cook for the Abernathy family for three years, being around cooking smoke for so long, her hands even covered in calluses, she b*dy had built up some resistance against smoke.

    11:27

    If she told them, her brothers might harbor resentment towards the Abernathy family.

    Evadne is the jewel of the Ashbourne family, she shouldn’t have been cooking, how could the Abernathy family treat her like a kitchen maid?

    Luckily, she had decided to leave, she wouldn’t let herself suffer for a man she could never have.

    Suddenly, Cas sius’ phone rang.

    He quickly wiped his hands and took out his phone from his apron pocket, then looked at Evadne with aplicated expression.

    “Evadne, it’s your ex-husband again.”

    “Oh my G od! He’s still not leaving you alone?”

    Evadne was so angry that her face turned red, and the loll*pop in her mouth fell onto the table.

    “What? That jerk Thaddeus is still calling you?” Arnold sat next to Evadne, casually picked up the loll*pop from the table and put it in his mouth, “Last time you two were watching fireworks at Evergreen Meadows, did Thaddeus mistake you for Evadne’s boyfriend?”

    “Yes.”

    Amold eximed, “Oh my G od! His eyesight is really…”

    “What? Am I not good enough to be Evadne’s boyfriend?” Cas sius smiled amiably.

    “Unfaithful Thaddeus is really blind, you look more like a father, not a boyfriend.”

    Just as the two brothers started to tease her, she was really getting angry.

    “Should I answer the call?” Cas sius asked.

    “Don’t!”

    “Answer it!” Evadne said.

    Cas sius listened to his sister and pressed the speakerphone button.

    “Where’s my wife?” Thaddeus’ voice was more natural than in the morning, even with a hint of possessiveness.

    “I…”

    Arnold was about to explode, but was suppressed by Evadne.

    “Mr. Frederic, na isn’t your wife anymore, you guys are divorced, remember?” Cas sius reminded him calmly, even carefully changing his address to avoid any sl*p-ups.

    “She knows whether we are still husband and wife.” Thaddeus answered coldly, his voice icy.

    ‘Thaddeus, why are you doing this to me! And trailing my car, what are you trying to say?” Evadne picked up the phone, irritated, having turned off the speaker.

    “I need to talk to you about something, alone.”

    Evadne stepped into a room, shut the door, took a deep breath and picked up the phone again.

    “Spit it out, I’m busy.”

    “Why did you change your number?” Thaddeus’ tone was frosty.

    “I wanted a fresh start, to cut ties with the past.”

    “What if my grandpa wants to find you? I can’t contact you. Give me your new number so I can keep in touch.” Thaddeus’ tone was full of self-a**uredness.

    “If you want to find me, it’s easy. Call President Ashbourne, he’ll know where I am.” Evadne smiled slightly.

    “na, is this your way of getting back at me?”

    Thaddeus’ tone was icy, “You’ve barely left me and you’re already eager to move in with Ca ssius? What do you n to call yourself in front of him?”

    “Thaddeus!” Evadne was also angry, clenching her fists.

    “You think this kind of revenge will affect me? You’re so naive, do you think I care who you’re with?”

    Thaddeus was extremely angry, scoffing, “I just don’t want to disappoint my grandpa. I don’t want him to find out that the person he treasures is a horrible woman! Even if you want to live freely, please mind your actions before my grandpa’s 80th birthday. Don’t let rumors reach his ears.”

    Evadne was so angry she couldn’t speak and hung up the phone.

    In the dark, she leaned against the wall, breathing heavily but unable to calm her pain from Thaddeus’ insults.

    Why was her heart still hurting so much? Hadn’t she decided that he was already nonexistent to her?

    11:28

    Evadne rubbed her eyes, the deep disappointment making them teary.

    “Thaddeus…how could you do this to me…so our thirteen years of feelings were all a lie…”

###Chapter 10

    Over on the other side, at Windermere Estate.

    Thaddeus was left stunned for several seconds after his ex-wife abruptly hung up on him.

    Her resoluteness made it hard for him to a**ociate her with the feeble wife who had once cried and begged him not to divorce her.

    So, for these three years, she had no feelings for him at all, but had to bear with him just for some unknown purpose.

    Thinking of this. Thaddeus was filled with anger.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, your coffee.”

    Gordon walked in, saw his grave expression, and carefully asked, “Did you manage to get in touch with Mrs. Abernathy? Did you find her new number?”

    Thaddeus rubbed his forehead tiredly. Being busy with anger, he had forgotten about the things he needed to deal with.

    He had thought that everything would go smoothly after na left, but now he was upset because she was with Cas sius.

    What the hell! Why was she affecting his mood?

    “Let’s find another opportunity. I don’t want to talk about that woman right now.”

    Thaddeus picked up his coffee cup and took a sip, then suddenly his brows furrowed.

    “What’s wrong with this coffee? It tastes off.”

    “I made it ording to the recipe Mrs. Abernathy gave me. How could this be?” Gordon scratched his head in confusion.

    “Recipe?”

    “Before Mrs. Abernathy left, she gave me a notebook detailing your taste preferences, such as what you don’t eat, how you like your coffee, and even what you ate at which year and month, and how many bites you took. All these minor things were clearly recorded.”

    Saying this, Gordon took out the notebook from his pocket and handed it to Thaddeus.

    Thaddeus took it, hesitated for a moment, and slowly opened it.

    What caught his eye were clear and neat handwriting, which was just like na’s.

    -“Add a dash of salt to the coffee to enhance the vor. Thaddeus likes it.”

    -“He had two bowls of seafood vegetable soup made with fresh scallops in the morning. I can make it for him more often.”

    -“Thaddeus doesn’t like overly sweet food. Try making something light like avocado sd. Thaddeus might like it.”

    -“The ties I bought for Thaddeusst year, he didn’t even nce at the ones with red elements. Seems like Thaddeus doesn’t like red…”

    Every sentence was about him.

    Thaddeus turned page after page, his breathing slowed down as if he was afraid to blow away the words on the paper.

    His gaze became deeper and deeper, almost crumpling the paper.

    “If she is so willing to decipher people’s hearts, what else could it be if not for some ulterior motive!”

    Despite the mixed feelings Thaddeus had about the contents of the notebook, he was still angry and threw it into the trash can.

    “Hey, don’t throw it away! Mr. Thaddeus, this is the result of Mrs. Abernathy’s hard work over the past three years. If she didn’t care about you, why would she quietly record all these? Clearly, you are very important to her!” Gordon ran to pick up the notebook, his face showing an expression of heartbreak.

    “Don’t call her Mrs. Abernathy anymore, she doesn’t deserve it!”

    Just then, there was amotion outside the study.

    It seemed, it wasing from the right side of the corridor.

    That room, used to belong to na.

    “Go check what’s going on.” Thaddeus rubbed his temples tiredly.

    Gordon quickly walked out of the study, and soon returned with aplicated look on his face.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, the noise was caused by Ms. Acacia. She… she…”

    “What happened to Acacia?”

    “She’s throwing out all the things in your ex-wife’s bedroom.”

    Right now, Acacia was in a state of agitation, rampaging in na’s bedroom.

    11:28

    “na… na! You’re just a country girl who’s only co cky because you have a rich man pampering you, aren’t you? What’s so great about getting a bracelet?! You dare to look down on me!”

    Having signed the divorce agreement, Evadne left without taking anything, giving Acacia space to vent. She threw Evadne’s skincare products on the table and the decorations by the bed on the floor like garbage.

    By the time Thaddeus arrived, the ce was a mess.

    “Acacia! What’re you doing?” He frowned.

    “I hate that there are traces of your life here, the scent of na!”

    Seeing Thaddeus, Acacia started crying again. “If it weren’t for na… why would we have missed each other for three whole years? She stole my ce… why does she act like I’ve hurt her? Making me look like your mistress!”

    “Acacia, you’re not my mistress. Stop overthinking.”

    Thaddeus’ eyes darkened as he bent down to pick up the crystal frog that had been smashed to pleces.

    He suddenly found that the little omament actually had its own charm, its little paw even made a scissors gesture.

    The man smirked slightly.

    At this time, Acacia opened the closet and started throwing na’s clothes out recklessly.

    “What’s this?”

    She casually opened arge box, and inside was a set of high-quality, well-tailored men’s suit.

    “Haha… Is this a gift she prepared for President Ashbourne? Was she already nning to find herself a new backer?!”

    Upon hearing this. Thaddeus’ deep ck eyes cast a shadow. He walked over and took the box.

    “Thad, this woman is really cun ny! I thought she married you because she loved you, and would take care of you sincerely. But it turns out she just wanted to climb up the socialdder, treating you like a fool!”

    With tears in her eyes, Acacia picked up the fruit knife on the table and rushed over to sh the suit.

    Thaddeus quickly protected the box with his b*dy.

    As a result, the knife cut through his arm, and the fresh blood soaked through his white shirt!

    “Ah! I’m… I’m sorry, Thad!”

    The knife in Acacia’s hand fell to the ground, and she covered her mouth in shock, her mind went nk.

    “Oh my G od! What happened?”

    Elspeth hurried over with a ser vant following her. Seeing Thaddeus injured and the blood staining the white carpet red, she was also shocked, “Thaddeus! What… what is going on?”

    “Gordon, get a car to send Ms. Acacia home,” Thaddeus held back his pain and huffed in frustration.

    “Thad, I don’t wanna go… I wanna be with you!” Acacia, in a flurry of panic, clung onto him.

    “Yes, Mr. Frederic, it’ste, let Acacia stay here for the night. She can take care of your wounds,” Elspeth chimed in, trying to convince him. From her perspective, she was even hoping Acacia could make it into Thaddeus’ room tonight!

    ‘No need, she should go home first,” surprisingly, the man was quite adamant.

    “But sooner orter Acacia is to be your wife…”

    *If she does marry me in the future, we’ll have plenty of time together. It’s best she stays at home before our marriage. Firstly, she can spend more time with her family. Secondly, my divorce with na isn’t finalized yet, it wouldn’t be right for Acacia to stay here.”

    There was not much Elspeth could say to that.

    After sending away a tearful Acacia, Thaddeus looked at the mess around him and heaved a sigh of disappointment, then ordered the ser vants to clean up the room.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, take a look at this!”

    Gordon stood in surprise in front of the wardrobe, pulling out a stunning outfit, like a stage costume.

    Thaddeus went over and looked at the clothing. It was made of a soft pink fabric with exquisite patterns. The sparkling rhinestones were dazzling, it was clearly high-end,

    His long eyshes fluttered slightly, his feelings a bit mixed.

    “Could it be… Mrs. Abernathy still performs songs? Outstanding!” Gordon eximed in admiration. He had been amazed by Mrs. Abernathy several times today.

    Such a strong and beautiful woman, he couldn’t understand why Mr. Thaddeus just couldn’t love her.

    11:28

    “You think she’s outstanding?”

    “Huh?”

    “I, on the other hand, find her more and more unfathomable.”

    Thaddeus’ l*ps pressed together, a wave of indescribable irritation rising in his chest.

###Chapter 11

    Evadne at this moment, casually tied her hair up with a simple hairband. She was wearing a sky blue long dress, the hem swaying with her dance steps, singing “Eternal Whispers” for Cas sius.

    Her eyes sparkled like stars, her charm adding a touch of mour to the overall scene.

    After the performance, Cas sius couldn’t control his emotions, he started pping, his face full of a beaming smile and spolling admiration. “That was awesome, your training from Father’s third lover really paid off. If this was ancient times, you would definitely win the king’s favor,”

    “I couldn’t care less about the king’s favor. If I were to do anything, I would be a queen and shine with confidence.” Evadne retorted immediately, her fingers cracking with resolute determination.

    Cas sius helplesslyughed.

    Evadne lowered her head, sitting next to her brother, her expression became gloomy when she thought of her father’s three wives. “Evadne, in these three years, they’ve all missed you, worried about you. They’ve all asked me about you privately.”

    “Cas sius, what are you trying to say?”

    “Evadne, when you left home to be a Doctors Without Borders in a foreign country, I know you were more or less throwing a tantrum at dad.” Cas sius gently wrapped his arm around her shoulder, a hint of sadness on his handsome face, “But that’s just the way our father is, we can’t choose. Besides, no one is perfect, not even Thaddeus who you’ve loved for many years. After three years of marriage, you’ve found many problems with him, haven’t you?”

    Evadne’s eyshes quivered, she clenched the bracelet on her wrist.

    “Although you can choose to leave Thaddeus, but you can never sever the blood ties with your father. Since you can’t sever them, try, epting them. Besides, dad loves you a lot, even though he has three other wives, they’re all kind-hearted. They’ve managed the household very well over the years, none of them has overstepped their boundaries, I can guarantee you that with my integrity.”

    Truthfully, Cas sius didn’t know.

    Because of one thing, Evadne had already silently epted them in her heart two years ago.

    Gordon left the room after dressing Thaddeus’ wound..

    Just thinking about Acacia’s crying, tantrums, and destructive behavior gave Thaddeus a headache. The Acacia he remembered was gentle and dependent on him, she would never lose her sanity like this.

    He sighed, maybe people do change.

    No matter what, Acacia was his lover, she was the one who apanied him through the darkest and most desperate days, she was the love of his life.

    He was going to marry her no matter what.

    After reviewing some documents with a pained expression, Thaddeus’ gaze unintentionally fell on the suit on the couch.

    He got up, picked up the suit, and examined it carefully.

    Although he and Cas sius were about the same height, his shoulders were a bit wider than Cas sius’, and his b*dy was a bit more robust.

    No matter how he looked at it, this suit seemed to be his size.

    “What an eyesore.” He scoffed coldly.

    A few minutester, Thaddeus put on the suit.

    He looked at himself in the mirror, then moved his arms, the suit was surprisingly well-fitted, the craftsmanship was no less than that of high-end brands!

    The taste of that country girl, how could it be so good?

    Just then, someone knocked on the door, it was Alva with a cup of milk.

    “Eh? Young master, you’re actually wearing the suit Ms. na gave you? Ms. na will be so happy when she finds out!” Alva’s face was filled with joy.

    In the Abernathy family, apart from Alva who had raised Thaddeus, no one took na seriously.

    “What did you say?” Thaddeus was taken aback.

    “Isn’t the suit you’re wearing the one Ms. na gave you? It’s this one… this one was fetched from the tailor shop by me a month ago at Ms. na’s request. She asked me to keep it a secret, saying it was a birthday gift for you.”

    A birthday gift? Thaddeus was stunned.

    But his birthday was some times away!

    11:29

    “Alva, I know you get along well with na, but she’s left now, you don’t have to keep defending her.” Thaddeus’ eyes were cold. “Young master, I’ve looked after since you were a child, in this Abernathy family, the only person I genuinely care about is you!” Alva walked over to the handsome man in the mirror, her eyes filled with deep meaning. “Ms. na said that making clothes takes time, every stitch was sewn by her personally, the fabric was also custom-made by her personally, even the buttons were made by her.

    She’s busy with housework every day, she could only squeeze out a little time to rush to the tailor shop, so she finished the suit a month in advance. She was afraid you would find out, so she kept it hidden in the closet.”

    Thaddeus felt a pang in his heart, he widened his eyes in disbelief.

    “If you don’t believe me, you can check thebel, your name is still on it.”

    Thaddeus quickly took off the suit and threw it on the couch, making a disgusted face, “We’re already divorced, I’m not interested in what she’s done for me, you can go back and rest.”

    “Young master, why did you divorce Ms. na? Ms. na is a good girl, she’s so devoted to you…”

    “Devoted?”

    Thaddeus sneered, “If she’s so devoted to me, would she warmly embrace another man as soon as she leaves me?”

    “Ms. na wouldn’t…” Alva was surprised.

    “It’s said that it takes three years to really get to know a person, that saying is really true.”

    Thaddeus suppressed the faint longing for na, his blood rushing to his head, “Since she was never sincere to me, why did she pretend to be indispensable to me? Did she think I would develop feelings for her like this?

    Did she think I was easy to fool and manipte?!”

    “Young master, I think there must be a misunderstanding. I can see clearly how Ms. na feels about you.” Alva shook her head and sighed, walked over to fold the suit neatly.

    “Enough, stop talking.”

    “You will regret it if you miss Ms. na.”

    Evadne wanted to sleep in, but her inner clock woke her up at five.

    Cause usually by this time, she’d be getting breakfast ready for the Abernathy family.

    She no longer had to cook for a big family in a smoky kitchen, or worry about pleasing the Abernathy’s.

    It felt so good, she was really free and happy after her divorce!

    After a quick wash, Evadne put on her tight sportswear and paddled her solo board on theke behind the vi.

    With bird songs and flower fragrance along theke, Evadne rowed with a strong and graceful posture, leaving ripples on the calmke surface.

    After working out, having breakfast and freshening up, she came downstairs, all pumped up.

    Jason was pretty much gobsmacked when he saw Evadne.

    Today’s Evadne had her long hair up, still with her delicately thin makeup, her petite face was smooth and delicate, her eyes were sparkling, she wore a ck long coat, with a redce dress underneath, her slender waist and legs were just mesmerizing.

    “Hey, you can stop drooling now.” Evadne snapped her fingers in front of him.

    Jason blushed, “Miss, you, you’re so beautiful.”

    “You’re my brother’s chief secretary, can you not look like a total fool when you see a beautiful woman?” Evadne shook her head in exasperation.

    The Rolls Royce drove to the K Orld Hotel.

    The stunningdy boss silently appeared in the restaurant, despite her beauty, all the employees were terrified like seeing a ghost, they didn’t dare to breathe and were on high alert.

    After yesterday’s lesson, no one dared to ck off today, the marble floor of the hotel was shining, all the ingredients were the freshest.

    Evadne inspected around, gave some instructions, then returned to her office.

    “I don’t have much work here for now, you can go to my brother’s, Jason.”

    “I don’t need to go back.” Jason grinned, “President Ashbourne said, from now on, I’ll be with you. I’m your secretary.”

    “What?!”

    Evadne widened her eyes in surprise, “My brother said he would give me a gift today, it can’t be… you?!”

    Jason blinked and nodded.

    11:29

    What a joke!

    What a gift from her brother, giving her a living person!

    Seeing Evadne silent for a long time, Jason started to panic, “Miss, you won’t dislike me because I used to be someone else’s secretary, so you don’t want to ept me, right?”

    Evadne twitched her l*ps, “What are you talking about… that’s called having rich work experience!”

    “Hehe, then I’ll count on your guidance from now on! I don’t ask for much, just a small raise would be nice.” Jason Joked.

    “Money is not a problem! If you do well, I’ll make your life veryfortable, if you don’t, I’ll dump you, and you can go be someone else’s secretary.” Evadne propped her face, her gorgeous red l*ps slightly smiled.

    Jason gasped, quickly reporting the current work progress.

    “All the Vintage Elegance bedding you arranged to change yesterday has been reced, and all hotels under the K Group nationwide have been notified to rece the Vintage Elegance bedding within a week.”

    Just then, there was a urgent knock on the door.

###Chapter 12

    Evadne shot Jason a look.

    Jason got the hint and went to open the door.

    “President Ashbourne! President Ashbourne!”

    Keith, the Vice President who had messed up yesterday, barged in through the door. He was too quick for Jason to stop him.

    Evadne frowned as Keith lunged towards her desk.

    “Mr. Keith, why are you still here? Your resignation has been approved. You should be seeking new job opportunities.”

    “President Ashbourne! You can’t treat me like this! I’ve been working at this hotel for nearly twenty years! I’ve given my all to this hotel, even to the point of getting sick. Chairman Emeric wouldn’t just fire me so casually, how can you just let me resign?” Keith protested loudly, his face red and his forehead sweaty.

    “I’ve reviewed the files of all the hotel’s senior staff. You do have a disease, fatty liver and galldder polyps. Seems like you’ve made quite a bit of money from the hotel to get such diseases.” Evadne chuckled coldly, sending chills down the spine.

    Keith, trembling with fear, caught the sarcasm in her words. “I had no idea that Vintage Elegance was selling us substandard bedding! They’ve been our partner for three years, their prices were reasonable, and they had a good reputation in Elmsworth, so I…”

    Before he could finish, Evadne threw a file at Keith’s feet.

    “These are all the transactions between the hotel and Vintage Elegance over the past three years. As the supervisor of the Finance Department, you didn’t notice anything wrong with these financial statements?”

    Keith, frightened, picked up the file to examine it. The pages in his hand felt as hot as glowing coals!

    “I also received an anonymous tip.”

    Evadne picked up her coffee cup and took a leisurely sip, her eyes gleaming with a cold light. “Someone reported that your rtionship with Vintage Elegance has been too close, suggesting you received hefty kickbacks, which is why you approved the purchase of their substandard bedding.”

    Keith was so scared his teeth were chattering, and he could barely stand up.

    “I don’t fire people without evidence. But if I do have evidence, I won’t let anyone off the

    h ook. If Mr. Keith, you have any objections, we can settle this matter through legal channels.”

    “President Ashbourne, I know I was wrong! I acted impulsively and made a wrong decision! Please… please spare me! If this gets out, I won’t be able to hold my head up in Elmsworth!”

    Keith, pale with fear, pleaded with Evadne, almost getting down on his knees. “It was Vintage Elegance who approached me initially, offering me a money-making opportunity! All the ideas were from Mr. Ives. I thought all mattresses were of simr quality, so I didn’t think too much about it, and that’s how I got duped by him!”

    Evadneughed at this.

    A vice president who’d been in the hotel industry for twenty years, trying to y dumb to protect himself.

    “Alright, you know exactly what happened, Mr. Keith. You should go home and send out some more resumes. That’s more useful than talking to me here. Mr. Jason, please show him out.”

    Keith, ashen-faced, was threw out by Jason like a dog with its tail between its legs.

    Outside the office, Keith instantly changed his expression, spitting angrily.

    *Just you wait! I won’t let this go!”

    Although Evadne was tolerant, she was now full of resentment because of the corruption and ipetence in the hotel.

    “Seems like Mr. Keith’s bad reputation in the hotel is well-known. As soon as you decided to deal with him, someone reported him!” Jason was eager for revenge, his face full of excitement.

    “No one reported him.”

    “What?! Were you… testing him?!”

    “Yeah.”

    Evadne responded nonchntly, opening up a game to vent her frustration. “People should have a conscience. If they do bad things, they should be punished. They can’t even wait for their punishment, they confess as soon as I put a little pressure on them.”

    Jason couldn’t help but apud Evadne’s clever tactics. “Keith has been working with Vintage Elegance for three years and must have embezzled a lot of money. They should be dealt with seriously, and all the money they’ve taken should be returned!”

    “We have to leave room for future face-to-face interactions. If I’m too harsh, I’m afraid the other senior staff in the hotel might resent me and

    11:29

    Chapter

    even stab me in the back. Also, Keith was promoted by my father, so I don’t want to hurt his pride too much.”

    Evadne spokezily, chasing opponents in her game. “Keep a close eye on Keith in theing days. If he contacts Acacia’s brother again, let me know immediately.”

    “Yes, Miss!”

    Just then, Evadne’s phone kept ringing, bombarded with messages from a chat group.

    “Jason, I’m busy right now. Can you check who’s sending these messages?” Evadne was engrossed in her game.

    Jason hurried over to check her phone. “Ah, it’s from a group called ‘Secrecy Bureau of Ashbourne’. Someone just sent you a message.”

    The group was created by Evadne’s second older brother, Arnold. It included Evadne and her four biological brothers. The group name, Secrecy Bureau of Ashbourne, implied their agreement to keep Evadne and Thaddeus’ marriage a secret, not to be leaked out.

    Evadne was startled and quickly grabbed her phone, forgetting about her game.

    After all, Jason still has no clue that she’s been married and divorced, the less people know about it, the better. If this gets to her old man, it’s gonna be a big mess!

    Arnold: “I can’t stand it! Is this Thaddeus tram pling on human decency? He’s way out of line!”

    Bet: “I’ll dig up some dirt on the Abernathy group, try to bankrupt them within a month.”

    Elvis: “Give me a week, I’ll make Thaddeus pay.”

    Cas sius: “Amen,”

    Evadne: “What are you guys talking about, what happened?!”

    A few secondster, Arnold sends a web link.

    Arnold: “Unfaithful Thaddeus has announced his wedding, not only that, there’s online gossip saying you’re the other woman, saying you forced your way into their rtionship, causing them to split up!”

    Elvis: “Ha, split up? Should I make them part forever?”

    Cas sius: “Don’t let their evil deeds disturb your peace, don’t be jealous of their wrongdoings. Like gra** they’ll soon be cut down, and like green nts they’ll soon wither. Curb your anger, abandon your wrath; do not be disturbed, so as not to do evil.”

    Amold: “Enough with your preaching, you’re even gonna convert the devil.”

    Elvis: “In half an hour, I’ll delete all the news detrimental to you, including the trending topic about Thaddeus’ remarriage.

    Evadne replied, “It’s okay, don’t worry about it, let everything happen as it should.”

    Amold was puzzled.

    Evadne: “Because it has nothing to do with me, Thaddeus’ ex-wife is na, and I, am Evadne of the Ashbourne family.”

    Arnold: “Exactly! You’ve never appeared in public with Thaddeus in the past three years, no one has seen you, let alone find you, this will not affect you!”

    Evadne: “But some woman who overestimates her abilities might have a headache over this.”

    Evadne lifted her red l*ps proudly.

    Thaddeus, you want your first love, then I wish you eternal happiness.

    But if your woman wants to make a scene? Don’t me me for being rude and let her taste the bitterness of failure!

    The Abernathy group was caught off guard by the sudden public announcement of the wedding!

    The PR department’s staff and Gordon’s phone were practically blown up by the media, the news drew nationwide attention.

    First, Mr. Thaddeus is getting married.

    Second, Mr. Thaddeus is actually remarrying!

    Okay, everyone just found out about Mr. Thaddeus’ marriage, but it turns out Mr. Thaddeus is getting married for the second time.

    Is marriage so casual now?

    “The wedding announcement was first published by the “Elmsworth Daily”, reportedly, Ms. Acacia personally went to see their president, and then the news was released.”

    Gordon stared at his phone. “This news has been retweeted over a million times on Twitter, but the hottest topic is who Thaddeus’ ex-wife is, and Ms. na is getting a lot of k…”

    “Delete them!” Thaddeus’ face was icy, his eyes dark.

    Elmsworth Daily is owned by the Abernathy group, and in Elmsworth, this media outlet is known for publishing statements that are beneficial to the Abernathy group.

    11:29

    “Who do you want to delete the information of?”

    “Anyone who published this news, take it all down!”

    “Yes! But what about the online public opinion? I’m afraid it’s out of control…”

    Gordon couldn’t help worrying, “I wonder how Ms. na feels when she sees this. She must be very upset…” Thaddeus’ eyes suddenly darkened, he immediately picked up his phone and found Cas sius’ number. Really! He’s used to it. Uninformed people might think he has a thing for Cas sius!

    As he hesitated, Acacia’s name suddenly popped up on the screen.

    Thaddeus couldn’t help but frown, feeling a bit agitated.

###Chapter 13

    “Acacia?” Thaddeus picked up the phone, trying to keep his emotions in check.

    “Thad, you gottae save me now!”

    Acacia’s voice wasced with panic and tears. “I’m stuck outside the Abernathy group building, surrounded by reporters, I’m really scared!”

    “I’ming down right away!”

    Thaddeus shot up from his chair, grabbing his suit jacket on his way out.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you can’t go!”

    Gordon rushed to stop him. “You can send your b*dyguards to get Ms. Acacia, if you go yourself you’ll be swarmed by reporters!”

    Thaddeus, however, didn’t hesitate. He rushed out, ignoring Gordon’s advice.

    Downstairs, the reporters bombarded Acacia with questions:

    “Miss Acacia, when’s the big day with Mr. Thaddeus?”

    “We heard you and Mr. Thaddeus have known each other since childhood and have feelings for each other, is that true?”

    “What’s your take on Mr. Thaddeus’ ex-wife? There are rumors she was meddling in your rtionship, is that true?”

    The reporters’ questions flew at Acacia like bullets. The b*dyguards blocked as many as they could, but the scene was still chaotic.

    Acacia, who was ying the victim, was actuallyughing inside.

    The news of their engagement was leaked by her, and so were the rumors about Thaddeus’ ex-wife being the mistress.

    She would not let the woman who dared to take her bracelet and humiliate her get away with it. She would make sure she became thé despised home wrecker!

    “Thank you all for your concern. Thad and I will let you know as soon as there’s any news. As for Thad’s ex-wife, Ms. na, I hardly know her. Please stop attacking her, she’s no longer with Thad. Let her live her life in peace.”

    Her response only stirred up more frenzy among the reporters and chaos ensued.

    Just as Acacia was backing away, a strong figure shielded her. Thaddeus wrapped his arm around her and briskly led her into the building.

    “Thad, you’re finally here.” Acacia’s eyes welled up with tears, looking like she was about to cry.

    Thaddeus, however, said nothing. He just kept his l*ps sealed.

    Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and looked around.

    He had a feeling that na was nearby, watching everything.

    But how could that be possible?

    The camera at the entrance of the Abernathy group building moved slightly.

    Evadne was in her office, watching everything happening outside the Abernathy building.

    She saw Acacia leave with Thaddeus. She saw how Thaddeus was protecting Acacia, how Acacia clung to him.

    If she said she didn’t feel a pang in her heart, she would be lying.

    “Thaddeus, you’re protecting her like this. Have you ever protected me like that?” Evadne thought to herself, her eyes reddening. “That stormy night two years ago, when I was in so much pain that I was dying, I also called you. I knew you wouldn’te, but I just hoped you would pick up my call. All I got was the cold sound of your phone being off. To think that I sincerely loved a man like you for three years, only to be a way for you to appease your grandfather and kill time.

    It’s not worth it, Thaddeus. You’re the least worthy investment of my life.”

    Just then, the Secrecy Bureau had more news.

    Cas sius: “Evadne, the chief editor of the Elmsworth Daily, the first newspaper to report the engagement, has been reced at your ex-husband’s request. It seems this news was released by his girlfriend, not him.”

    Evadne blinked, replying. “In their marriage, they share everything, and there’s no distinction between them.”

    Arnold: “Well done! Same strategy!”

    Arnold: “Evadne, I’ve just found some important news. I’ll tell you privately.”

    Elvis: “Just say it here.”

    Arnold: “No! This is my own investigation, you guys can’t take advantage of my work. Go investigate yourselves!”

    After saying this, Arnold sent a voice message to Evadne.

    11:30

    “Evadne, about that Acacia, I found something interesting.”

    On the surface, Arnold was a prosecutor who didn’t y by the book. But only the Ashbourne family’s children knew that Arnold was a hacker. Although not as good as Elvis, he was more than capable of dealing with most situations. And his investigative skills were sharp, No criminal ever escaped his grasp.

    And Acacia was no exception!

    Arnold sent Evadne a few pictures. Surprisingly, they were intimate photos of Acacia wearing revealing clothes with a mixed-race man! In two of the photos, they were even top less, the man’srge hand stroking her!

    “Bro, you’re awesome.” Evadne whistled, looking at the photos with satisfaction. “Where did thesee from?”

    “From Acacia’s social media followers, there are hundreds of them. I’ve been checking them out these past few days. Then I found this guy was suspicious, so I hacked into his ount and checked his phone’s photo gallery. This guy’s a fitness trainer, has quite a few followers

    too.”

    “Bro, you’ve worked hard. I’ll treat you to a big meal tonight!”

    “Just a meal without booze? If there’s no booze, I’m not going!”

    “Of course there is, you can drink as much as you want!”

    “Don’t celebrate too soon, I’ve got something more shocking, even I was surprised.”

    With that, Arnold sent over a medical report, followed by several pictures of a woman’s abdomen.

    “This is…” Evadne was taken aback.

    “Can you believe it? Acacia secretly had a baby abroad. These photos, are of her stretch marks after giving birth.”

    Evadne shuddered, then magnified the photos and examined them carefully several times.

    “That woman isn’t sick at all, she keeps making excuses to go to the hospital but in reality, she’s going to the stic surgery department to get rid of her stretch marks from pregnancy. Man, this high-tech era sure makes it easy for these sneaky people. I’ve been dealing with cases for years, heard about DNA paternity tests being rigged, hymen reconstruction, but this is the first time I’ve heard about stretch mark repair! So, Acacia and Thaddeus, they haven’t slept together yet. Otherwise, she would have been exposed a long time ago.”

    Evadne let out a sigh of relief, mixed feelings stirred within her as she murmured, “Thank goodness.”

    “Goodness, you’re actually saying ‘thank goodness’, that’s awful! Even if they haven’t slept together yet, Thaddeus still cheated! Evadne, your thinking is messed up! Are you saying if you identally ate a fly, you’d console yourself at least it was protein?” Arnold, worried that his sister still had feelings for Thaddeus, wished he could run over and wake her up.

    Evadneughed, “Brother, you misunderstood me, I don’t have any feelings for Thaddeus anymore. I just think if he didn’t sleep with Acacia during our marriage, I wouldn’t feel too disgusted.”

    “Hmm, but now it’s time for Unfaithful Thaddeus to get hiseuppance!”

    Arnold spat out venomously, “He deserves it! He let go of my beautiful, intelligent sister for some average woman!”

    ‘That’s Thaddeus for you, his affections can’t be measured by money.” Evadne sneered, but her heart was bitter.

    After all, Evadne loved him for thirteen years, to let go overnight, she needed time to ept it.

    But no matter how hard it was for her, she would never love Thaddeus again.

    “Now that woman is pressuring you, why don’t we leak this information and give her a good lesson?” Arnold was itching to take action against Acacia.

    “When I was a kid, I had a habit of saving the best forst.”

    Evadne half-closed her beautiful eyes and dangerously curled up her red l*ps. “The most powerful weapon, must be used at the critical moment, that’s when it’s devastating.”

###Chapter 14

    Under the watchful eyes of everyone. Thaddeus led Acacia Into the CEO’s office.

    As soon as the door was closed, Acacia threw herself into his arms in tears. “Thaddeus, I’m d you came to pick me up, I was really scared…” Thaddeus, with his deep, ink-like gaze, raised his hands to Acacia’s shoulders and slowly pushed her away.

    “Thaddeus…” Acacia was puzzled.

    “Why’d you do this?” Thaddeus’ tone was frosty, his gaze piercing.

    “Do what?”

    “Why’d you go spilling our marriage news to the Elmsworth Dally?” Thaddeus asked.

    Acacia breathed a sigh of relief and tried to embrace him again, “Because I can’t wait to marry you. Don’t you want to marry me?”

    “I’d like to, but it’s not appropriate.” Thaddeus looked serious, and his usual gentleness was gone. “Why not? You’re already divorced from

    na!”

    “My divorce hasn’t been finalized yet. We’ve promised grandpa to wait until his 80th birthday to get a formal divorce.”

    Thaddeus subconsciously stepped back, “Until then, she’s still my wife, in name at least. You airing our marriage news would stir up trouble for everyone. Grandpa won’t be pleased.”

    His thinking was straightforward, always considering the pros and cons first. He had always beencking in emotions, the only bit of tenderness he had was for Acacia. Yet his words were still somewhat harsh.

    But, he thought Acacia would understand him. After all, they had known each other for quite a while.

    However, the woman did not understand his point at all, her eyes turned red, “Am I causing trouble for everyone? Thaddeus, are you upset because people online are saying na was the other woman? Are you feeling sorry for her?!”

    “I’m not feeling sorry. It’s just that na wasn’t the other woman. Things shouldn’t have escted to this point.” Thaddeus rubbed his temples, his headache was killing him.

    “Isn’t she the homewrecker? She is!” Acacia stomped her foot in anger, her voice sharp and piercing, making Thaddeus’ headache even

    worse.

    “Had it not been for her, we would’ve been together a long time ago! She’s been meddling in our affairs! She’s been hogging my spot by your side for three whole years!” Acacia continued.

    “na was my wife in name for three years, and that’s what it took to get grandpa to back down. Without her, you and I wouldn’t ever be together.”

    Thaddeus finished speaking, his heart gave a painful throb.

    That’s right. If na hadn’t left him after the three years were up, how could grandpa have allowed him to be with Acacia?

    That woman, she always weed him home with a smile, helping him change, preparing his bath, taking care of everything without a word ofint.

    She never fought for anything, never made a fuss, not even a word ofint when she signed the divorce papers and left his home.

    Even though na eventually chose Cas sius, she had fulfilled her duties as a wife in the past three years. It was him who treated her like a maid, always looking forward to the end of the three years so he could be with the one he loved.

    If anyone owed anyone, he definitely owed her more.

    “Thaddeus, are you… speaking up for that woman now?” Acacia was shocked. She felt like she couldn’t understand this man anymore.

    “No, I’m just discussing the issue at hand.”

    Just then, his phone rang. Thaddeus pulled out his phone and saw that it was a call from grandpa. His face turned grim.

    He opened the door and Gordon was standing outside.

    “Gordon, send more people to escort Ms. Acacia home.”

    “Yes, Mr. Thaddeus.” Gordon gestured for Acacia to go ahead.

    “Thaddeus! I don’t want to go back… I’m scared!” Acacia’s eyes filled with tears as she clung to his hand.

    “Don’t be afraid. Don’t ept any media interviews for the next few days. I’ll handle the rest.”

    Thaddeus firmly sent Acacia out and shut the door. He then picked up his grandpa’s call, rubbing his throbbing temples.

    “Grandpa.”

    “Thaddeus! You dare to betray our agreement! Are you that desperate to marry that woman?!”

    Hamiltion roared in anger, “If you want to marry a woman from the Stirling family, I, Hamiltion, disown you as my unfilial grandson!”

    11.30

    “Grandpa, the news was released by the media, not me.”

    “I think it was that woman from the Stirling family who released it! She got anxious since you didn’t propose to her so she did this!”

    “It wasn’t Acacia, you’ve misunderstood her.”

    Thaddeus’ headache worsened. He loosened his tie and slowly sank into the couch.

    He felt incredibly guilty for lying to his beloved grandpa who loved him the most, but he had no other choice right now.

    “I won’t allow you to marry Acacia! I want you to get back together with na!” Hamiltion yelled, not in the mood for further discussion.

    “Grandpa, this was your promise to me. After three years, you wouldn’t force me anymore. You’d respect my choice.” Thaddeus broke out in a cold sweat, his breathing unstable, “na and I… it’s impossible for us. My future wife, can only be Acacia.”

    “Fine…fine! You blind fool, I’m going to wait and watch the day you lose na and regret crying over it!”

    With that, Hamiltion hung up the phone in a huff. Thaddeus took a deep breath and walked over to his desk, hastily taking some painkillers.

    Gordon returned after escorting Acacia and happened to see this. He quickly went over to support him.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, are you alright? Is your headache acting up again?”

    “I’m fine.” Thaddeus slowly sat down, closing his eyes and rubbing his temples.

    “Always popping painkillers ain’t a solution, dude. Remember how much na’s ma**ages helped with your headaches these past three years? Why are they acting up again?” Gordon sighed with concern. “Wish na was here, you always sleep like a baby after her ma**ages…” “Let’s not talk about her.” Thaddeus inhaled deeply, feeling downcast.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, about the thing you asked me to look into… I’ve got some news.” Gordon hesitated, his eyes flickering.

    “Spill it.”

    “The two ounts that posted negative news about na, the ones feeding them information… it was Ms. Acacia.”

    Thaddeus jerked his head up, his heart pounding, “Are you sure? How is that possible?!”

    “Confirmed, confirmed clearly, reconfirmed.” Gordon spoke softly, a note of worry in his voice, “I mean, don’t you think it’s too coincidental? As soon as your engagement news was announced, negative news about na started pouring in. Clearly, it was all set up in advance.”

    Thaddeus froze for a moment, and then copsed feebly. “Why would Acacia do something like this…”

    He knew Acacia loved him, cared for him, and he knew she was unhappy with na, but this wasn’t the right way to vent.

    “Handle it. Whatever it takes, I want that negative news wiped off the inte by sunset!”

    When Acacia got home, her parents and Ives Stirling were there, all thrilled to see her!

    “Acacia! Your move was effective!”

    Ives couldn’t stop grinning, “The moment you announced your engagement to Mr. Thaddeus, our problems at the Stirling group were solved! Now we’ve got hotels lining up to ce orders. We’re about to make a fortune!”

    “Good girl! You really are the hero of our house this time!” Mr. Stirling also praised.

    After the Ashbourne group’s hotels suddenly returned all the Vintage Elegance bedding from the Stirling group, canceling their contract forever, the industry started doubting the Stirling group. Many hotels that had ced orders withdrew them, causing heavy losses.

    That’s why Acacia thought of announcing her engagement, to save her family’s business.

    Indeed, the effect was obvious. Riding on the Abernathy group’s coattails meant money was rolling in!

    But Acacia wasn’t feeling happy about it, with a grim look on her face, “Sure, the business is saved, but do you know what it cost me? Thaddeus and I had a fight today, and Hamilton… I bet he’ll hate me even more!”

    “What’s there to be afraid of? Hamilton is an old man, how much longer can he live? Just wait him out!”

    Ives snickered, “Once the old man kicks the bucket, your aunt controls Frederic, you be Thaddeus’ woman, and we’ll have the Abernathy family in our pocket!”

    “Exactly, Acacia.”

    Mrs. Stirling came over and stroked Acacia’s hair, her eyes filled with greed, “As long as Thaddeus loves you, Hamilton can’t stop you from marrying into wealth. Your aunt is the perfect example.”

    Hearing this, Acacia feltforted and nodded confidently.

    This time, she was determined to marry into the Abernathy family and be the envied Mrs. CEO!

###Chapter 15

    The sun was setting, its golden rays piercing through the clouds, exceptionally dazzling. Thaddeus sat tiredly in the back seat, the luxury car heading towards Windermere Estate.

    “Mr. Thaddeus. I’ve taken care of those online ounts that were smearing Ms. na. We’ve sent them legal notices and I believe they’ll think twice before doing it again.

    However, we can’t control the buzz about the marriage news, it’s a thorny issue.” Gordon seemed somewhat troubled.

    Thaddeus quietly looked out the window.

    He had attempted to contact na multiple times on the way, but the awkwardness from theirst unpleasant conversation always stopped

    him.

    What would he say even if he did call, and she answered?

    Should he apologize for today’s events?

    He found it hard to say anything, but there was a heavy feeling in his heart, as if a ma**ive rock was pressing down on him.

    As they approached Windermere Estate, Thaddeus suddenly furrowed his brows.

    “Stop the car.”

    The driver immediately pulled over.

    Before Gordon could ask why, Thaddeus had already opened the car door and gotten out.

    He crossed the road and headed straight for a clothing store.

    The disy window showcased exquisite suits and the sign above the shop read – Timeless Reminiscence.

    Thaddeus suddenly remembered, the suit box that na had given him also had this name on it.

    He walked in, the doorbell jingling as the door opened, and an elderly tailor approached him.

    “Sir, are you here to pick up or custom-make clothes?”

    Thaddeus hesitated for a moment, then asked, “About a month ago, did a woman in her twenties custom-make a men’s suit here?”

    “Oh yes, there was such ady. She was very nimble and left a deep impression on me.”

    The old tailor recalled na, “Thatdy had a gift for design. I’ve been in this field for forty years and I really can’tpare to her.”

    “During that time, did shee here every day to make the clothes?” Thaddeus’ voice was somewhat h oa rse.

    “Yes, she woulde on time every day and work until we closed. There were times when I saw her so tired she wouldy her head on the table to rest, she didn’t even have time to drink water. It was heartbreaking.”

    The old tailor remembered, “I asked her if she was making it for her father or boyfriend, and she blushed and said it was for her lover. I didn’t expect her to be married so young, I wonder who the lucky man is.”

    Lover.

    The word pierced his heart like a knife.

    “When she mentioned her lover, her eyes would always light up. I imagine she must love her husband very much, otherwise how could she make clothes so lovingly? Every stitch, every thread was an expression of her emotions. By the way, who are you? How did you know?”

    Thaddeus swallowed hard, then said, “I am that lover.”

    The old tailor was stunned, looking at Thaddeus, “You two are really a match made in heaven!”

    Thaddeus walked out of the tailor shop, the setting sun’s afterglow on his face, it all felt like a dream.

    A dream that na had given him.

    Could it be, that woman truly had feelings for him?

    But could there really be someone who could switch so rationally, almost like having a split personality? When na was with him, she only had eyes for him, but when she left him, she could swiftly change and put all her heart and soul into another man’s arms?

    Thaddeus felt empty, a feeling he had never experienced before.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! What brought you to such amon clothing store? You usually wear high-end custom-made clothes, when did you change your taste?” Gordon asked, the fool waspletely oblivious to the severity of the situation.

    “Never mind, let’s go back.”

    Suddenly, Thaddeus’ phone vibrated.

    11:30

    Thaddeus was nearly annoyed by the constant vibrations of his phone today, he nced at it with a frown, then let out a sigh of relief.

    It was his best friend, the Jareth family’s eldest son, Jareth Fairhaven.

    “What’s up?” Thaddeus spoke.

    “Come out tonight, I’ll celebrate for you.” Jareth’s voice sounded rxed with a hint of jest.

    “Celebrate what?”

    “That’s up to you, I could be celebrating your wedding or your divorce.”

    “Get lost.”

    “Haha! I’m just joking. My new shop is opening today, can youe and show some support? How long has it been since west met, do you think our friendship has faded? Do you no longer care about me?”

    Thaddeus hesitated for a moment, taking a deep breath.

    “See you tonight.”

    In the evening, Evadne personally cooked a sumptuous dinner for Arnold.

    “Evadne, your health isn’t great. Although the kitchen smoke isn’t too severe, it’s better for you to stay out of the kitchen.” Arnold looked at the delicious spread on the table and expressed his concern for Evadne’s health.

    “It’s fine, after all I’ve been cooking…”

    Evadne suddenly realized she had misspoke. She couldn’t help it, she was too rxed around her brother, she had let her guard down.

    “Oh my g od! Have you been cooking for Unfaithful Thaddeus every day for the past three years?! I can’t ept this!” Arnold was so angry he was about to fl*p the table.

    “It’s not a big deal, it’s only right that I cook for my husband. But don’t worry, I will never do such a thing again.”

    Evadneughed a couple of times, butughter couldn’t hide the loss and concern in her eyes.

    Arnold, who was usually yful, suddenly became serious. He walked over to her, opened his arms, and tightly hugged his sister, as if a shell was protecting its pearl.

    “Let’s just consider the past three years wasted. From now on, I’ll spoil you with my life! Princess!”

    At exactly nine o’clock at night.

    The Jareth family’s newly opened nightclub was packed with socialites. After all, who could resist supporting Jareth.

    A limited edition Bugatti drove up, its engine sound making all the women envious and all the men jealous.

    Arnold was the first to get out of the pa**enger seat. Tonight he was dressed casually, a stark contrast to his usually meticulous prosecutor image, he was sunny and handsome yet still noble.

    Suddenly, the driver’s door swung open.

    Evadne’s hand rested in Arnold’s palm as she stepped out of the car, her tight, se xy silver mini dress shimmering in the light. Her hair styled inrge waves, and a pair of unique diamond tas sel earrings made her face look even more dazzling and delightful.

    All the hunks outside couldn’t take their eyes off her,pletely smitten.

    Arnold hugged his sister in shock, “Geez, don’t you think your outfit is a bit too se xy for tonight?”

    “What, don’t I look good?” Evadne raised an enticing eyebrow.

    “Beautiful! Extremely beautiful! I’m just worried about these wolfish men pouncing on you!”

    “If anyone dares to hara** me, I won’t hesitate to fight back, believe it or not?” A devilish smile yed on Evadne’s red l*ps.

    The nightclub was bustling, an exhrating scene.

    Arnold didn’t dare let his sister sit at the bar, so he reserved a private table, ordered a ton of good booze, creating an unweing atmosphere for strangers.

    “Well, seeing all these good-looking guys here, I kinda regreting with you, brother.”

    Evadne swirled her **, her l*ps puckering in frustration, “You know I just got divorced, I need something exciting tofort me, aren’t you just blocking my luck in love by sticking around?”

    “Seriously, you picking up guys in the club is like picking an aroused male dog in a kennel! Sis, you may be divorced, but you can’t lower your standards, can’t you stop making yourself sick by choosing men in ces like this?”

    Arnold sat close to her, but that didn’t stop the men from shooting greedy nces at Evadne.

    Meanwhile, upstairs in a quieter luxury booth.

    11.30

    Two hunks, Jareth and Thaddeus, walked in.

    Tonight, Mr. Thaddeus was still in his neat suit. Jareth nced at him, shaking his head, “Is that suit glued to you? You look like you’re here for business, not fun.”

    “Almost all the nightclubs in Elmsworth are in decline, losing money year after year, this ce, is not worth my acquisition.” Thaddeus sat down elegantly.

    “Haha, you think I’ll lose just because others are losing?”

    “You won’t lose?”

    “I might lose too. But I’m not afraid, I’m loaded, hahaha!”

    Jarethughed out loud, took a swig of whiskey, and gazed down at the bustling crowd below.

    Suddenly, his eyes lit up, eximing. “She is stunning! That woman is as elegant as a beautiful flower!”

    Thaddeus, who usually kept his distance from women, wasn’t interested at first, but Jareth forced him to look.

    If he hadn’t seen it, that’s it. After taking a look. Thaddeus was shocked. His heart beat faster! It was na! It was actually na!

    Who was the man beside her?

    Cas sius?!

###Chapter 16

    “Hey, who’s that guy next to the pretty girl? Don’t tell me it’s Cas sius, the CEO of the K Group from Skyrim.”

    Jareth raised an eyebrow, “I always heard Cas sius was a high-minded guy who never went to parties like this. I didn’t expect him to show up tonight.”

    It’s not surprising that Thaddeus and Jareth got it all wrong.

    Because Evadne had four brothers, all quadruplets. Cas sius and Arnold, in particr, look so simr that they’re easy to mix up if you’re not

    familiar.

    “I’m green with envy. Such a knockout should be mine. What’s the point of being with Cas sius? He’s nowhere near as fun as me!” Jareth was getting carried away.

    Downstairs, na, her smile sweet as honey, directed at that man.

    Thaddeus felt a sudden suffocation in his heart.

    Once upon a time, that smile was his alone.

    What pi ssed him off more was that all the negative news seemed to have no effect on her, she was still in the mood to be happy.

    Meanwhile, he was like a walking ball of stress, either busy handling problems or thinking about how to exin things to her.

    “Maybe tonight, I’ll sweep her off her feet. I don’t care if she’s Cas sius’ woman.” Jareth licked his l*ps in anticipation.

    “Knock it off. She’s my wife.”

    Jareth’s eyes widened in surprise, “What?!”

    “Ex-wife,” Thaddeus added, the words felt like a thorn in his throat, causing a painful burn.

    “What are you talking about?! She’s your cold-hearted ex-wife?! Are you blind or just in dumb? She’s a total babe, way better than your Acacia!”

    Thaddeus gave Jareth a cold nce, Jareth immediately shut up, “I only said that because I saw her. You never let me meet her before, I thought she was as ugly as a dragon, didn’t expect…where are you going?!”

    Before he could finish, Thaddeus stormed out of the door.

    On the other side, Evadne and Arnold had already had three drinks, her cheeks as red as ripe peaches.

    “Evadne, are you okay?” Arnold asked, noticing her tipsy state.

    “Another round! Let’s y dice!” Evadne’s alcohol tolerance was decent, but she was slightly annoyed, hence the quick intoxication.

    Just then, Arnold’s phone rang. It was a call he had to take, possibly an important task, so he said, “Evadne, wait for me, I’ll be back soon after this call.”

    Evadne waved him off casually, “Sure!”

    Once Arnold left, the men around her, like sharks smelling blood, started moving closer.

    Evadnezily surveyed them, as though she was picking out merchandise.

    This one’s too short, that one’s too skinny, this one’s nose is too t, that one’s eyes are too small…

    None of these men couldpare to her ex-husband.

    Pity that the handsome man turned out to be all talk, dashing all her hopes and pa**ion.

    Then, Evadne noticed a group of rich kids ying in a corner, one of them pouring drinks for a girl.

    The man with the oily face was Acacia’s brother, Ives!

    What upset her more was that her sharp eyes spotted one of the men discreetly sl*pping something into the drink and pa**ing it to Ives.

    She was immediately furious and made a beeline for them.

    “Wow! A beauty ising!” The rich kids drooled at the sight of Evadne.

    Ives lost interest in the girl in his arms as soon as he saw her.

    “You guys seem to be having fun, mind if I join?” Evadne’s eyes were alluring, adding to her charm.

    “Babe, I can apany you however you want to y.” Ives licked his l*pssciviously.

    Evadne picked up the spi ked drink, “Simple, drink this.”

    Everyone went quiet. Ives’ greasy face darkened.

    11:31

    Everyone knew the drink was spi ked with a strong sedative, only a fool would drink it!

    “You don’t want to drink? Then I’ll help you!”

    And then Evadne, her eyes sharp, tossed the whole drink at Ives’ face!

    Everyone was stunned. The girl squealed in fright and moved away.

    “You bi tch! How dare you ssh me?! Do you know who I am?” Ives cursed, wiping his face.

    “I don’t care who you are. Your mouth stinks like an as shole, you’re getting girls drunk and sl*pping them drugs, you’re worse than a dog.” Evadne casually brushed her hair back, her gaze cold.

    Ives was fuming, this woman had the nerve to say his mouth stinks like an as shole!

    If it wasn’t for the crowd, he’d have rushed up and pped this cun ning woman!

    Just then, two b*dyguards from the Stirling family appeared. Ives gave them a sidelong look, ordering them to take her away.

    He had to punish this woman, but before that, he wanted to have some fun with her in bed, that would be making the most out of it!

    Two burly b*dyguards lunged at her. Evadne, although slightly drunk, dodged nimbly, leaving them sprawling on the floor.

    “You guys are too slow.” Evadne yawned.

    “Grab her!” Ives shouted, still wiping his face.

    One of the b*dyguards tried to grab Evadne’s shoulder.

    But then, a tall figure stepped in front of her, grabbed the b*dyguard’s arm and fl*pped him over.

    The burly b*dyguard was thrown to the ground in a blink of an eye!

    “Nice moves! *hic*” Evadne hupped, then slumped backwards.

    Suddenly, a strong hand caught her waist, she felt the man’s deep breath on her cheek, so hot, so ticklish.

    “Mmm…who is it, don’t touch me!” Evadne struggled a bit.

    ‘na, open your eyes and see who I am.”

    Evadne heard a familiar voice, cold, maic, but captivating.

    Evadne’s heart raced as she slowly looked up into Thaddeus’ cold but charming eyes.

    His gaze was slightly narrowed, deepening in color.

    He saw her fiery red l*ps, incredibly seductive, if not for her clear and innocent eyes, he would hardly believe this was the na he had been married to for three years.

    “na, you’re getting bolder, huh? Got Cas sius backing you up so you think you can stir the pot everywhere?”

    “Yeah, got a problem with that?”

    Evadne, with a coquettish tone, said, “Every time I see someone from the Stirling family, I feel like giving them a good smack. Got an issue with that? Your opinion doesn’t bother me one bit!”

    Thaddeus, holding her waist, tightened his grip as if to punish her.

    ‘Ouch…let go of me…”

    Evadne thrummed in his arms, her voice soft because her new anger had made her even more drunk. What sane man could resist such a

    situation?

    Thaddeus’ eyes darkened.

    “Thaddeus? Aren’t you Acacia’s husband now?” Ives was taken aback.

    “Mr. Ives, what are you talking about?” Thaddeus red at him coldly. “One more time, Acacia and I aren’t officially married yet. How could you say something like that? Is that appropriate?”

    Ives choked on his words.

    Hearing their conversation, Evadne felt nauseous.

    She deeply loathed Acacia, and also Thaddeus’ affectionate address.

    Throughout their three years of marriage, he had always called her name indifferently, never with any affection.

    The more Evadne thought about it, the more upset she became. So she struggled free from his arm with all her might, preferring to stand unsteadily than let this man touch her.

    “Apologize to her.” Thaddeus’ tone waspletelymanding.

    His words were directed at Ives, but his gaze never left Evadne.

    11:31

    After all, her drunken state was quite severe now.

    “It was this woman who came over for no reason, sshed wine on my face, and attacked me! She should apologize to me!” Ives retorted, clearly disgruntled.

    “Show some respect.” Thaddeus’ eyes suddenly became serious, “She’s my ex-wife.”

###Chapter 17

    Ives nearly broke his jaw in shock. So she was Mr. Thaddeus’ secret ex-wife!

    To be honest, she was way more attractive than his sister.

    If it wasn’t for the fact they were childhood sweethearts, his sister would be totally overshadowed by this woman.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, just because she’s your ex-wife doesn’t mean I have to apologize to her!” Ives had his pride, and was not about to back down. “If she apologizes to me first, then I’ll let it slide!”

    “If I had been anyter, your men might have done something inappropriate to her.” Thaddeus’ face was stony. “Just because it didn’t happen doesn’t mean you’re not in the wrong. Apologize to her.”

    Ives was terrified, but outwardly trying to keep calm. Evadne’s face was flushed, the alcohol taking effect. All she heard were words like “ex-wife” and “apologize”… and she thought, this guy wants her to bow her head?! She’d be kind not to kick his a ss!

    “Apologizing is too much trouble, I think we should just follow our rules here. Either we call the cops on him, or we beat him up a little.” Jareth walked over, a yful smile on his face, looking every bit the mob boss.

    “Why are you going to beat me up? Is there now anymore?!” Ives practically shrieked when he saw Mr. Jareth.

    Jareth just gestured, and the girl that had been getting drunk earlier hid behind him in fear.

    “First off, the girls here only serve drinks and dance, we do not provide any… extra services. You guys getting her drunk, that’s against our rules. Second, we don’t allow illegal drugs here, and I hate it when people break that rule. Whoever does, I punish them. I think you should be thanking Ms. na. If she hadn’t stopped you from drugging her, you’d probably be getting dragged out by now.”

    Thaddeus was shocked. So that’s what happened!

    “Haha! What a man!” Evadne squinted at Jareth, giving him a thumbs up.

    “Thanks for thepliment.” Jareth gave her a small smile.

    Seeing them flirting, Thaddeus felt a pang of jealousy.

    “Thaddeus, do you think my solution is eptable?” Jareth asked.

    “Yes.” Thaddeus replied curtly.

    “I’m sorry! I’m sorry! Mr. Thaddeus, I didn’t know she was your ex-wife, I’m… blind. I apologize to Ms. na, really, I’m sorry…” Ives gritted his teeth as he apologized to Evadne, seething inside.

    Thaddeus felt that wasn’t enough, but then he realized. na was gone!

    “Looking for her? Look, over there.” Jareth whistled and pointed towards the stage.

    Thaddeus’ pupils contracted and his heart fluttered. Under the spotlight, na was dancing a se xy and yful dance,ughing freely like a mischievous sprite. The light shone on her, outshining everything else.

    Evadne was totally intoxicated, absolutely ecstatic! She didn’t even know what she was doing, she felt like she was flying, like she was an indefinable gust of wind. Suddenly, she leaned back.

    With a gasp from the crowd, she fell into a sturdy but warm embrace. When she managed to see Thaddeus’ angry face, all she could do was giggle, “I want to throw up.”

    Thaddeus dragged Evadne into the men’s restroom. She was retching into the toilet until her head was spinning. Even the most beautiful people look ugly when they’re throwing up.

    At first, Thaddeus just stood in the doorway, watching her coldly. But seeing her in pain, he went over and patted her shaking back again and again.

    After Evadne was done throwing up, she stumbled over to the sink and started rinsing her mouth. “Ugh… I feel awful…”

    “You still drank, serves you right.” Thaddeus stood by, frowning coldly.

    “Because… I’m sad… so sad…”

    Evadne was still drunk, and for a moment she even thought the man beside her was her brother, so she started crying. “Why doesn’t Thaddeus like me… why…”

    Thaddeus’ heart rate increased as he listened to her sobbing.

    “I tried so hard… I really did… but the harder I try, the more he hates me… why… tell me why!”

    Suddenly, Evadne turned and hugged Thaddeus, burying her face in his chest, her tears and sn ot staining his clean shirt. Thaddeus just stood there, stiff, feeling every tear burn into his heart. After a while, he asked quietly, “Do you really… like Thaddeus that much?”

    Evadne lifted her tear-stained face, her l*ps slightly parted. Thaddeus swallowed hard, fighting the temptation. He even… regretted asking the

    11.01 F –

    question. Whether she liked him or not, what did it matter.

    They were divorced, and his one and only love, was Acacia.

    The restroom door was kicked open.

    “Thaddeus! You are so shameless! Not satisfied with what you have?” Arnold was so angry, his eyes were red. He immediately pulled Evadne into his arms, protecting her.

    Thaddeus scowled. Seeing how much Ms. Evadne, a normally elegant woman, cared for his ex-wife was proof enough of how much he cared for her. His breath hitched.

    “Cas sius, she can’t hold her liquor, she just threw up quite a bit. If you really cared about her, you wouldn’t have brought her to a ce like this.”

    Arnold was ready to reprimand Thaddeus, but hearing him call him Cas sius, he decided to go along with it and pretend to be Cas sius. “Whatever my woman wants to do, she does. If she wants to party, I party with her. Mr. Thaddeus, since you and na are divorced, you should stop interfering in her life. Go back and take care of your Ms. Acacia!”

    After saying that, Amold helped Evadne out of the restroom, but Thaddeus blocked their way. “What do you want to do?”

    “Do you really love her?” Thaddeus asked quietly.

    “Nonsense.”

    “Can you marry her?”

    Amold was stumped by this question, thinking. “he’s my own sister for Go d’s sake, how can wemit incest?!”

    “Mind your own business, back off!” Arnold said.

    “na doesn’t have a powerful background, she can’t withstand suchplicated emotional entanglements. If you can’t marry her and only treat her as a lover, don’t drag her into this, let her return to a normal life.” A spark of pa**ion flickered in Thaddeus’ eyes.

    “Hahaha… Thaddeus, I’ve never seen such a shameless person like you. Did you consider na’s feelings when you pursued Acacia for a divorce? Because of you, she became a divorcee at such a young age, don’t you think you’re dragging her down? If you knew the divorce was inevitable, why did you marry her three years ago? Wasn’t it just to use her as a stepping stone, then marry the one you love! You’re disgusting!”

    A pang of pain shot through Thaddeus’ heart, his sturdy b*dy slightly trembling.

    Arnold pushed him away harshly, “Get lost! Ba stard!”

    Thaddeus didn’t even know how he got back to his private room, his mind was filled with those words – “use her as a stepping stone”. “Where did your ex-wife go? She left?” Jareth leaned on the railing, drinking his wine while eyeing Thaddeus’ distraught look.

    “Yeah.” Thaddeus responded in a low voice, grabbed the ** and downed the whiskey in it, feeling a burning sensation in his throat.

    “Tonight, if it weren’t for you, I would definitely have beaten up Ives. Not only did he drug her, but he also wanted toy his hands on my beloved, he’s asking for trouble.”

    “You can do what you want in the future. Acacia and her brother are two individuals.” Suddenly, Thaddeus had a realization, his eyebrows furrowed, “Beloved? What do you mean?”

    “I think good things should be kept to oneself, since you don’t want her anymore, I’ll pursue her.” Jareth raised an eyebrow,ughing wickedly, “Just that her title will have to change from wife to sister, not sure if you can ept that.”

    ‘I haven’t even got the divorce certificate with her yet, and you’re already so eager to show your true colors?” Thaddeus’ eyes were deep, his

    mouth curved into a smile.

    “Ah, the divorce agreement has been signed, how far can the divorce certificate be?”

    “I don’t know about other things.” Thaddeus clenched his fist, a trace of indifference shed across his handsome face, “But your death, is definitely not far off.”

    Evadne woke up the next day, only to start puking again.

###Chapter 18

    “I remember you used to be a good drinker. Howe you’re so bad now?” Arnold quickly handed over some water for her to rinse her mouth, and also brought some hangover pills for her.

    “I haven’t had a drink in three years… Who can stand all this drinking all of a sudden?!” Evadne knew Thaddeus didn’t like women who smelled of alcohol, so she didn’t drink again during the three years of their marriage.

    “Looking at you now, if I didn’t know you were drunk, I’d think you were pregnant,” Arnold said jokingly.

    “Haha… What would you guys do if I really were pregnant with Thaddeus’ kid?” A hint of pain flickered in Evadne’s eyes.

    “What can we do? We’d just have to help you bring up the kid. It doesn’t matter whose blood runs in their veins, the kid would be innocent.” Despite his dislike for Thaddeus, Arnold had a strong sense of justice, perhaps a professional trait from being awyer.

    “Don’t worry about it. Thaddeus letting me carry his child? As if!” Evadne sneered, taking a sip of water to clear her throat.

    Arnold asked, “By the way, do you remember what happenedst night?”

    “I remember picking a fight with Ives, then Thaddeus showed up… or something? After that, it’s all a blur.”

    “You really don’t remember?”

    “I think… I saw a really handsome guy, who helped me get out of the mess? Da mn, I was too drunk, or I would’ve asked for his contact.”

    “That was Jareth. We were at his new nightclubst night.”

    Hearing the name, Evadne lost all interest, “Forget it, the guy is such a y boy.”

    “Do you know you were dragged into the men’s restroom by Thaddeuster?” Arnold asked.

    Evadne’s eyes widened, “What?!”

    “I don’t know what you guys did in there, but when I walked in, you were hugging him and wiping your nose on his shirt.” Arnold shook his head, apparently unwilling to recall the scene..

    Evadne gasped.

    “Sis, if I didn’t show up when I did, Thaddeus might’ve…”

    “No way, Thaddeus is not that type of guy.” Evadne rubbed her forehead in annoyance.

    “You’re still defending him!”

    “I’m not defending him. Besides being cold, unromantic, and hating me, he’s a decent man.” Evadne winced after saying this.

    “Haha, but I don’t know what got into himst night. He actually asked me if I would marry you and told me not to toy with your feelings, saying you were a delicate flower that couldn’t take the strain of love.” Arnold smirked, “Is he out of his mind? He can’t even handle his own affairs and he’s trying to meddle in others’.”

    “Hold on, why would he mention that to you for no reason?”

    “Because he mistook me for my brother. I just went along with it and told him to keep his hands off my woman. Haha, he must be mad.” Arnold boasted.

    “You’re terrible!” Evadne, blushing with anger, punched Arnold’s handsome face.

    636

    Jason made a delicious breakfast, knowing Evadne had had too much to drink. He even made her some fried eggs and bacon.

    Evadne came down for breakfast in a pink silk nightgown with her hair loose. Despite wearing underwear, she still looked seductively attractive. Jason’s face turned red and he quickly looked away.

    “Hey! There are two grown men in this house. Can’t you consider our feelings?!” Arnold rolled an egg on his bruised face, looking at a loss.

    “I’m tired of wearing white dresses and sneakers for three years. Now I’ll wear whatever I want. Who’s gonna stop me if I feel like going for a run in the middle of the night?” Evadne retorted, biting into a piece of bread.

    “Why could you only wear white dresses and sneakers for three years?” Jason asked seriously.

    “What’s it to you?!” The siblings answered in unison.

    Evadne put on some make-up, dressed in a white business suit, and high heels, transforming into a beautiful businesswoman heading to the hotel looking fresh. Despite her head feeling like it had been smacked by a gori.

    Sitting in her office, Evadne pondered over the morning’s conversation with Arnold, feeling confused. Had Thaddeus really cared about herst night?

    Oh, how could it be. He just saw the maid who used to be by his side suddenly changed the owner, causing him to be possessive. She,

    Evadne, would not fall into the same trap again!

    Then she received a message from the Secrecy Bureau of Ashbourne.

    Cas sius: Evadne, those negative news about you yesterday afternoon have been retracted. Those ounts attacking you have also been cancelled.

    Cas sius: Thaddeus did it.

    Evadne: Hmm, I should thank him.

    Elvis: Ha, he thinks it’s all fixed just by deleting the posts? How naive.

    Bet: The Abernathy group’s stock price only moved na this morning regrettably.

    Arnold: Sis, even if we can’t touch him for now, we should at least deal with the Stirling family first!

    Evadne: I will have my revenge.

    “Jason,e in.” Evadne called through the inte.

    Jason came in promptly. “Miss, you called for me?”

    “Are the documents and proof I asked you to prepare ready?” Evadne asked, casually spinning in her chair.

    “They are ready, we can submit them to the authorities anytime.”

    “No, take it easy.”

    Evadne leisurely crossed her legs, “First, leak the information to a few media outlets close to the Ashbourne group, get the public’s attention, then we’ll see.”

    “But involving the media willplicate things. Why not take direct action and catch the Stirling group off guard?” Jason asked, confused.

    “I am a ritualistic person, I do not end my goals simply and violently, but enjoy the process of slowly applying the means,” Evadne caressed the diamond bracelet her grandpa gave her, her gaze icy and ruthless.

    The important thing is, if this all bes public, the Stirling group will be in trouble. The Stirling family was in no position to talk to me, so Acacia had only one choice – to ask Thaddeus toe to her rescue. “Thaddeus, I can’t wait to see you all fraz zled over your fiancee’s predicament.”

    That night, at prime inte time, a news story quietly popped up, but within an hour, it was all the rage!

    “Breaking! Due to serious quality issues, the K Group terminates all business with the Stirling group!”

    “Quality concerns? Stirling group’s Vintage Elegance line under fire!”

    Caught off guard, the Stirling group was a deer in headlights. Their PR team, not the sharpest tools in the shed, couldn’t put a lid on the brewing storm, nor could they delete negativements.

    “The Stirling group? Ain’t that Thaddeus’ soon-to-be-wife’s family? Talk about a wedding disaster waiting to happen!”

    “Thought they were marrying into a wealthy family, turns out they’re just furniture peddlers. And not just that, they’re cutting corners!”

    “I hate to drag personal issues into this, but this whole thing is a real headache.”

    “Go d! I just ordered Vintage Elegance furniture for my new house. Gotta cancel it tomorrow. Just my luck!”

    In his study, Thaddeus listened to Gordon ry the bad news about the Stirling group, his head pounding like a drum.

    “The Ashbourne group is Skyrim’s richest. They’re industry leaders in almost every industry they’re in. If the Ashbourne group boycotts the Stirling group, it’s akin to the Ashbourne group sending out their hitmen. Everyone else will have no choice but to fall in line.”

    Gordon smirked, his eyes devoid of sympathy for the Stirling group, only filled with a sense of irony. “Thank Go d the Stirling group isn’t publicly traded, or their stocks would plummet by the time the market’s open. Your future father-inw already has high blood pressure, and he’s a petty guy too. He might just pa** out…”

    Thaddeus shot him a frosty re, making Gordon swallow his words.

    “This news, which are not substantiated by any evidence, may just be made up of nothing.” Thaddeus took a deep breath, his eyes dark, “how did the quality issue evene up?”

    “Rumor has it, it’s the Ashbourne group’s new general manager at their Elmsworth hotel, K Orld. First, she axed the partnership with the Stirling group.

    Then within a week, all the K Group’s hotels followed suit, ditching the Stirling group’s products.”

    “A hotel manager having so much power? Unbelievable!”

    “That’s because she’s none other than Emeric’s daughter, the Ashbourne family’s little princess, Evadne.”

    Evadne?

###Chapter 19

    “Evadne… this name, I’ve heard it before.” Thaddeus pinched the bridge of his nose, mumbling to himself.

    “I’ve done some more digging on this Ms. Evadne.”

    Thaddeus felt a sense of relief, thinking that his unreliable secretary had finally learned how to do his job. His eyes lit up immediately. “Tell me what you found.”

    “The result is that we’ve got nothing.” Gordon threw his hands up in frustration.

    “Gordon, I think you’re ready for payroll tomorrow.” Thaddeus’ face darkened instantly.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, don’t get mad! It’s not that I didn’t try, but Ms. Evadne’s info is like a **ified document, I swear I did my best!” Gordon’s face changed and he was shaking with his sweat. “Isn’t it strange? Ms. Evadne is the only daughter of Chairman Emeric’swful wife, bona fide filthy rich, but her info is nowhere to be found. I’ve scoured all social media tforms, nothing. Is thedy a hermit or what?”

    “Do we have a picture of her? Show me.”

    “Oh, yes! Took a lot of effort to find it too.” Gordon pulled out his phone and showed the photo to Thaddeus.

    The man took one look and his face turned a bright red, “Gordon! Are you asking for a death wish?!”

    On the screen was a blurry old photo of a little girl, about four or five years old, in Emeric’s arms. How could he tell anything from this?! “Mr. Thaddeus, don’t get mad! This is the only photo of Ms. Evadne I could find on the entire inte. It’s from twenty years ago, at Mrs. Ashbourne’s funeral…” Gordon felt as if he was walking on thin ice, he should probably start carrying some emergency meds.

    Twenty years ago, Evadne would have been quite young, about twenty-four or five. Around the same age as na.

    Thaddeus stared at the photo without blinking, his brows furrowing deeper and deeper. Why did he think the little girl in the photo looked a bit like na? What a joke! He was divorced, but he kept thinking about his ex-wife. What the hell was going on?

    Right then, a ser vant’s voice came from outside the door. “Mr. Thaddeus, the chairman wishes to see you. He has something to discuss.”

    In the living room, Elspeth was snuggled up in Frederic’s arms, weeping melodramatically. A woman over forty and she was still throwing fits in her husband’s arms, sobbing like she was in some TV drama.

    “Frederic… my poor sister, after marrying into the Stirling family, she’s always been a good wife, a good mother, lived a few good years, but now this has happened… When she called me, she was crying so hard, she said she couldn’t face me anymore, didn’t want to shame our Abernathy family…”

    “How could this be a disgrace? We’re about to be family, there’s no need to separate us and them.” Frederic’srge hand was on Elspeth’s shoulder, his voice was as soft as can be, “Wait for Thaddeus toe over, we’ll figure something out together.”

    Over the years, Elspeth had sessfully seized control of the Abernathy family with her innocent and pure persona, recing Thaddeus’ mother. Yet, Frederic was infatuated with her.

    “Father, you wanted to see me?” Thaddeus walked over, his eyes icy and ruthless.

    “Thaddeus, you must help Acacia’s family this time!”

    Elspeth elegantly wiped her tears, her voice choked with so bs, “Mr. Stirling and Acacia are both not well, and after this incident, Acacia has fallen ill from not eating or drinking. If you care about her, love her, you should find a solution ASAP!”

    “Thaddeus, have you figured out what’s actually going on?” Frederic asked,forting his wife while furrowing his brows.

    “I did. The leak came from the K Group’s newly appointed general manager, a woman named Evadne.”

    Thaddeus lowered his eyelids, avoiding the affectionate scene before him. In his memory, Frederic had never shown such warmth towards him or his mother. He doubted this man even remembered his mother’s face anymore.

    “The Ashbourne family from Skyrim?!” Elspeth gasped in surprise, covering her mouth, “They’re the richest family in Skyrim, how could my sister’s family have offended them?!”

    “The Ashbourne family and our Abernathy family have always been at odds, our ancestors had deep-seated grudges. The Ashbourne family’s great-grandmother even swore that no descendants of the Ashbourne family would ever marry into the Abernathy family. Anyone who vited this would be cast out of the Ashbourne family, their lineage no longer recognized.”

    Thaddeus didn’t care initially because he was marrying Acacia, not a daughter of the Ashbourne family. But after hearing this, there seemed to be a cr ack in his heart, a cold feeling gradually filling him.

    “Oh my! It must be the Ashbourne family trying to attack the Stirling group behind the scenes, indirectly suppressing our Abernathy family, because they heard that the Stirlings are marrying into our family! Their scheming is too deep!” Elspeth angrily twisted the handkerchief in her hands.

    “Thaddeus, you gotta meet with Ms. Evadne tomorrow and somehow convince her to stop attacking the Stirling group. This isn’t just about

    them, it’s gonna tarnish our family, the Abernathy family’s reputation!” Frederic sounded dead serious.

    “Frederic, you don’t have to be so serious, Thaddeus has always been a good kid. He’ll get it.” Elspeth softly squeezed her husband’s shoulder.

    “I’m helping the Stirling group solely because of Acacia, it’s got nothing to do with anyone else, Elspeth Frost Abernathy.” With a deep and chilly gaze, Thaddeus walked out right after he said that.

    Elspeth’s face turned white in anger. She was the Abernathy family’s chairwoman’s wife, but this kid still called her by her full name, how ironic!

    “Hold up! Why are you still calling Elspeth like this? She’s my wife, your mother, have you forgotten your manners?” Frederic stood up abruptly, fuming.

    Thaddeus stopped, but didn’t turn around, “A man can have many wives, but only one mother. You know that, why force it on others?”

    Tonight, Cas sius came to Elmsworth to find Evadne, and inevitably brought up Keith and the Stirling group during dinner.

    “Dad knows about your decision. He didn’t say much, just that if the evidence is solid, and if it’s true, it should be thoroughly investigated, no letting off easy.” Cas sius was helping his sister cut her steak.

    “Emeric, he’s a mess when ites to women, but he’s pretty clear-headed in other matters.” Evadne said as she ate a medium-rare steak.

    “That’s why his three wives are still loyal to him. Other than his roving eye, he’s a decent guy. He hasn’t mistreated any of them.”

    “Yes, the new lovers always gets the best treatment, basking in the spring sunshine. But everyone totally ignored the old ones.” Evadne said, her gaze dropping, jabbing her fork into the steak.

    Cas sius looked at his sister’s reddening eyes, gently pat her head, “I know, you don’t hate his three lovers anymore, you just can’t ept the unfairness to our mother. But have you considered, maybe she’s already forgiven Dad?”

    “How could she forgive him, she’s just putting up with it. Which woman in this world could ept that her man has other women, and feel…”

    Evadne’s words abruptly halted. Wasn’t she the same? Knowing that Thaddeus had someone else in his heart, she still fell deeply in love with him, gave everything for him, but in the end was cruelly cast aside.

    Emeric might be a fickle in love, but he knows how to hurt people. But Thaddeus, he never really saw her in these three years, even hurt her time after time, judging her with a petty mindset. She was blind, loving this heartless man for thirteen years!

    “Thaddeus has been quiet these past few days, hasn’t called me.” Cas sius sipped his red wine casually.

    “Hmph, because he’s busy helping his sweetheart and her family with their problems. How could he have time to care about me?” Evadne swirled her wine **, her bright eyes cold. “na is too weak, this time, it’s Evadne’s turn!”

###Chapter 20

    Next morning.

    Thaddeus was all set and ready to go, suited and booted. He radiated a powerful aura and an air of authority, as he made his way to the K Orld Hotel in top form. As he entered the lobby, he felt a sense of exhration. He had been herest year and despite his generally critical nature, he had let sl*p some negativements.

    –“What a hot mess, nothing impressive about this ce.”

    However, things had drastically changed now, meeting the high standards of a top-tier hotel. It appeared that Ms. Evadne’s management skills were top-notch, making her a formidable opponent.

    “This is Mr. Thaddeus from the Abernathy group. He wants to meet with Ms. Evadne. Could you please pa** on the message?”

    It took Gordon several attempts to convey his message to Evadne’s executive secretary.

    “I’m sorry, but without an appointment, Ms. Evadne doesn’t meet with anyone.” The secretary replied politely.

    “Does Mr. Thaddeus from the Abernathy group also need to make an appointment?” Gordon asked, his brow furrowed.

    “Why wouldn’t he?”

    Gordon was so angry that his face turned red. He wanted to file aint right then and there!

    “Can I make an appointment for today? When is Ms. Evadne avable?” Thaddeus stepped forward and asked coldly.

    “Ms. Evadne has been very busy recently. I am not sure of her schedule. Perhaps, you could try again tomorrow?”

    Gordon lost his patience again, feeling his temper reaching its limit.

    “Alright, Gordon, let’s make an appointment.” Thaddeus pulled Gordon back, his gaze deep. After all, throwing a tantrum wouldn’t solve anything, and it was not a good look.

    They left without achieving anything. Once back in the car, Gordon was so mad that his back teeth hurt. He banged on the car window. “This is outrageous! We’re in Elmsworth, not their Ashbourne group’s turf, Skyrim! If Evadne continues to be this arrogant, she’ll find it hard to keep her feet in Elmsworth!”

    “We’ll try again tomorrow.” Thaddeus closed his eyes, his brow furrowed. The line of his jaw and n*eck was enticing.

    “Didn’t you hear what that guy said? I don’t think we’ll be able to see her tomorrow either!”

    “If not tomorrow, then the day after. I must see Evadne.” Thaddeus loosened his tie, his heart pounding. “The Stirling group can’t wait any longer. If things continue this way, they might go bankrupt.”

    The next day, Thaddeus arrived at the hotel early, only to be turned away just as Gordon had predicted.

    The same thing happened on the third day.

    As a business tycoon who had apanied the Prime Minister on foreign visits and received the highest level of foreign hospitality, his name alone would strike fear into the hearts of many in his country. But Evadne didn’t care about him at all, she didn’t even give him the slightest bit of respect!

    This was infuriating!

    That day, the rain was pouring down, but Evadne arrived at work in high spirits.

    She was wearing pointed high heels, her steps firm and strong. She was dressed in a meticulously tailored double breasted ck suit dress, with a pair of golden rose pendants dangling from her ears, adding a touch of brightness to the whole outfit.

    “Oh my gosh! Ourdy boss is so gorgeous! I’m totally smitten!”

    “Ever since Ms. Evadne joined us, the female staff look forward to her fashionable outfits every day, and the male staff look forward to seeing her angelic face, which purifies their souls and doubles their motivation to work.”

    “Calling her the most beautiful heiress, I don’t think anyone would disagree, right?”

    Since Keith’s departure, every staff member of the hotel had be more disciplined under her management, with each department pulling their weight and striving for perfection. From lifeless to vibrant, Evadne had achieved this transformation in less than half a month.

    To ensure smooth external operations, internal issues had to be dealt with first, only then could they have the strength to strive for a bigger world.

    “The Abernathy group has secretly injected a considerable amount of funds into the Stirling group. Thetter had lost a lot due to bad press resulting in almost all of their orders being cancelled. This money has given them a lifeline.” Cas sius reported thetest updates to Evadne over the phone.

    “I figured as much. Thaddeus would definitely help his wife’s family. His feelings for them run deep.”

    Evadne gave a coldugh, took off her high heels and ma**aged her aching ankle. “However, money can’t solve a bad reputation. Thaddeus Injecting funds into the Stirling group now is like burning money for the dead, it won’t change anything.”

    “Thaddeus is a business genius just like you, he understands what you’re saying. But right now, using money to stabilize the situation is the only option he has.” Cas sius chuckled, “Sometimes I wonder, if you two were to be a couple, you could rule the world. You’d be able to change it as you wish.”

    “We aren’t destined to be a couple, but we canpete against each other.” Evadne took a piece of chocte from her drawer and popped it in her mouth, a cold glint in her eyes.

    Soon after the call ended, Jason rushed in, looking somewhat annoyed. “Ms. Evadne! Thaddeus is here again! This man truly has no shame, he’d be wasted if he didn’t go into sales!”

    “For the person he loves, he’s willing to humble himself. It’s an admirable spirit.”

    Evadne didn’t lift her eyes, she was busy signing documents.

    But Jason heard a trace of bitterness in her indifferent words. He wondered if it was just his imagination.

    “Ms. Evadne, I can go and deal with him this time, I’ll make sure he leaves for good!”

    “No, let him in.” Evadne put the cap back on her pen, her eyes flicking upwards.

    “What?!” Jason was taken aback.

    “The guy’s been begging for a meeting three times. How could I not give the big shot president of the Abernathy group some face?”

    Evadne leaned in, stretching her cute little foot forward. Jason hurried over, dropping to one knee to sl*p her high-heeled shoe on. “Run over to the restaurant or café now, find me a pretty and articte waitress. I’ve got a job for her.”

    About ten minutester, Jason returned with a waitress who fit the bill.

    “Hello, Ms. Evadne!” The waitress bowed deeply to Evadne, obviously nervous.

    “No need to be on edge, I’m just giving you a little task for the moment. Once you’ve done it, I’ll give you a reward,” Evadne barely smiled.

    “I’m already happy enough to work for you, Ms. Evadne. No need for extra rewards,” the waitress blushed, “I’m a huge fan! You’re my idol!”

    Turns out she’s a superfan!

    Evadne smiled as she looked her over, nodding, “Not bad, about the same size as me. Jason, go get her one of my outfits, and shoes too.”

    “Huh? Okay…” Jason left, looking confused.

    “Ms. Evadne, what can I do for you?” the waitress asked eagerly.

    Evadne gave a small smile, “Thaddeus, the president of the Abernathy Group, will being to see me soon. I don’t want to see him, I want you to meet him for me.”

    Hearing this, the waitress seemed like her legs might give out from under her.

    “Don’t worry. I’ll be monitoring the office. You’ll have an earpiece in, just do what I say. Remember, act natural!”

    After many attempts, Thaddeus finally got his chance to meet Evadne. Despite his cool exterior, he was trembling inside, unsettled.

    The executive a**istant led them to the elevator. On the way, the women couldn’t help but steal nces at Thaddeus’ handsome face.

    Once they reached the elevator, Gordon went to press the button but was stopped by the a**istant. “This elevator is for Ms. Evadne only, you two have to take the others.”

    “Hmph, big deal,” Gordon rolled his eyes.

    Thaddeus was unfazed, he had his own private elevator at the Abernathy Group too.

    The elevator slowly ascended to the 40th floor. But it stopped at the 30th.

    “Please get off here,” the administrative secretary said.

    “We’re not there yet, isn’t Ms. Evadne’s office on the 40th floor?” Gordon asked, surprised.

    “Yes, but this elevator only goes to the 30th.”

    “What’s the meaning of this?” Thaddeus frowned.

    “Besides the CEO’s elevator, the other five only go to the 30th. No one can use the private elevator without Ms. Evadne’s permission. The only way for you two to get to the 40th floor is…”

    Taking the stairs!

    “This is how your Ms. Evadne treats her guests?! This is outrageous!” Gordon was furious.

    “I can only carry out Ms. Evadne’s wishes. If you’re not okay with it, I can escort you out,” the a**istant said coldly.

    “It’s fine, we’ll walk,” Thaddeus pursed his l*ps, holding back his anger and walked out of the elevator lobby without another word.

    Did Evadne think she could scare him off by throwing him a curveball like this? The word “retreat” didn’t exist in Thaddeus’ world!

###Chapter 21

    “Ugh ugh Mr. Thaddeus. I really can’t walk anymore!” The hotel floors were high and the stairs were plenty. By the time we reached the eighth floor, Gordon was already panting and his legs wobbling. He was about to copse.

    “Just two more floors, hurry up.” Thaddeus urged, continuing to climb up the stairs without any difficulty.

    He was thirty years old, two years older than Gordon. But because of his early years in the peacekeeping forces and his persistent fitness and boxing after retiring, he was physically superior to most people. What’s the big deal about climbing another twenty floors? Back in the day, he had to run thirtyps a night in the army!

    Finally reaching the fortieth floor, Gordon sat on the stairs, gasping for air. Thaddeus looked at him coldly, shaking his head in disappointment.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, nice to meet you.” Thaddeus turned around at the sound of the voice, seeing a man with a polite smile walking over. He was handsome, bright-eyed, the kind of cute young man women often talk about. His age was hard to guess.

    “My name is Jason, Ms. Evadne’s secretary. Ms. Evadne has been waiting for you for a while. Please follow me.”

    What the hell? Was he implying that they were too slow?! Thaddeus was fuming, his face darkening, “My legs can’t move faster than the elevator. Ms. Evadne will have to bear with us.”

    Jason didn’t respond, just turned around and kept walking.

    How rude.

    “Humph… such attitude!”

    Gordon had recovered a bit, wanted to re up, but was stopped by Thaddeus. “Wait here for me.”

    Thaddeus followed Jason to the CEO’s office. He took a deep breath. For some reason, despite having been through many storms, he started to feel nervous about meeting Ms. Evadne.

    After a knock on the door, a female voice came.

    “Come in.” Jason opened the door, making a ‘please’ gesture.

    Thaddeus swallowed, straightened his back, and walked into the office. Meanwhile, in the next room, Evadne was watching the scene while eating chocte and looking at herputer screen.

    A young woman sat at the back of the desk, elegantly dressed, long hair draped over her shoulders, very pretty. Was she the troublemaker Evadne? Thaddeus was somewhat disappointed. He had imagined Evadne to be aristocratic, with an air of authority.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you must be tired. Please have a seat.”

    Evadne gave themand through her Bluetooth headset. Her “a**istant” immediately did as told, but not as gracefully as Evadne, his expression a bit stiff.

    Thaddeus sat on the sofa, casually looking around.

    The office was elegantly decorated, with a ck piano in the corner. The marble desk was trendy, and the vintage leather sofa was stately. But what caught his eye the most was the poster hanging behind Evadne, it read –

    A wise man keeps his knowledge to himself, waiting for the right moment to act.

    Thaddeus couldn’t help but praise.

    Evadne, who was eating chocte, paused at the corner of her mouth, her heart shaking a bit. In her memory, this was the first time Thaddeus hadplimented her. Despite being his wife for three years and taking care of his daily life, she could never win a word of praise from this man.

    Unexpectedly, she finally heard it this time. But, she was no longer expecting.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, do you like it?” Evadne asked with a smile.

    “Very good.” Thaddeus answered briefly.

    “If you like it, take it with you when you leave. Consider it a gift from me to you.”

    “No need, this poster is a masterpiece. I can’t just take it.” Thaddeus refused calmly.

    “Hahaha…” Evadneughed, the waitress could only follow suit.

    Thaddeus frowned.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, your praise is appreciated. But it doesn’t matter, because I can make hundreds of these a day. It’s okay to take it.” Evadne’sughter was tinged with mockery. Thaddeus’ face stiffened, his fist slightly clenched.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, I’m sure you’re not here to admire my design, so let’s get right down to business.” Evadne didn’t feel like beating around the

    11:58

    bush and spoke her mind.

    “To be honest, I’m here about the Stirling group. I hope you can stop pressuring the Stirling group. We can negotiate terms.” Thaddeus spoke in a low voice, his gaze full of pressure. “After all, in Elmsworth, working with our Abernathy group would be very beneficial to you, Ms. Evadne.”

    “Mr. Thaddeus, do you think I’m pressuring the Stirling group?” Evadneughed. “I think I’m just making a legitimate report, exposing some businesses that only care about profits and ignore the bottom line, reminding our peers in the Industry not to follow in our footsteps. It’s hard toin when you buy inferior goods.”

    “Problems are inevitable in the production process. Many car brands with a hundred years of history are still recalled for various issues.” Thaddeus continued to defend the Stirling group. “Ms. Evadne could have contacted the manufacturer for a refund or recement. There’s no need to damage the Stirling group’s image by spreading negative news. Using the power of the Ashbourne group to pressure a medium-sized enterprise, so ruthless and ungrateful. I’m afraid no one would dare to cooperate with the Ashbourne group in Elmsworth in the future.”

    Evadne stared coldly at Thaddeus, crushing the chocte in her hand. Thaddeus was clearly throwing threats, telling her that if she didn’t let the Stirling group off the h ook, the Ashbourne group would face obstacles from the Abernathy group in Elmsworth.

    Daring to threaten her? Did he think she, Evadne, was a pushover?!

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you’re really something, protecting your sweetheart with all your heart and running around for your fiancée. I’m moved. But business and personal matters can’t be mixed up. You’vee to me time and again, even withstanding rejection, all for love. But I can’t let the Stirling group off the h ook just because of your love, even if you are the influential Thaddeus in Elmsworth.”

    Thaddeus’ face hardened with displeasure, but he couldn’t argue against Evadne’s words. He usually wouldn’t deal with such a mess personally, but this time he was indeed doing it for Acacia.

    Looking at the man’s stiff face on the screen, Evadne felt a sense of triumph. “Seems like we’re not going to reach an agreement. I’ve got a grasp of your stance today. If there’s any offence in the future when we meet in the business field, do forgive me, Ms. Evadne.”

    Thaddeus rose elegantly, despite being rejected. He still maintained his dignity, standing straight like a pine tree, a soldier’s resolve.

    Just as he was about to walk away, a voice rang out behind him.

    -“Ms. Evadne, I was wrong! I made a mistake in a moment of impulse! Please…please give me a way out! If this gets out, I won’t be able to hold my head up in all of Elmsworth!”

    -“This was Mr. Ives’s idea. I thought all mattresses were about the same, so I didn’t think much about it and just went along with his idea!”

    Thaddeus turned around in shock, his head buzzing as if it had been hit by a bomb!

    After ying the recording, Evadne elegantly lifted her beautiful leg, watching the man’s face turn from white to red and back to white again. She felt extremely satisfied.

    “If it’s a good small or medium business, my Ashbourne group is willing to help them. But if someone is harming the collective interest, and it’s affecting my Ashbourne group, then I’m willing to y the dragon like a brave warrior, no mercy.” Evadne gave a slight smile, “I’ve remembered your words, Mr. Thaddeus. Further talk is pointless, see you in the business field.”

    Thaddeus didn’t know how he walked out of the office, feeling every nerve trembling, his b*dy cold as if he was in a cold storage.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! How did it go? Did that Evadne give you a hard time? Did she agree to your request? Mr. Thaddeus?” Gordon quickly came up to ask, noticing his pale face.

    “I’m fine, we’ll talkter.” Thaddeus walked forward heavily, his head starting to ache again, but it didn’t stop him from reying every word of Evadne’s in his mind.

    When the recording started ying, he felt like a joke. He had originally thought the Stirling group was innocent, only retaliated against by the Ashbourne group due to leaked engagement news, indirectly pressuring their Abernathy group. Turns out, he was the blind one, helping a viin!

    Thaddeus yanked off his tie, but his breathing didn’t get any better. Suddenly, he heard the familiar sound of high heels behind him.

    Was it na?

    Thaddeus’ heart clenched in anxiety, he whipped around. The corridor was already empty.

###Chapter 22

    Evadne returned to her office, the waitress buzzing around with her legs still trembling like a leaf.

    “I was so freaked out! Mr. Thaddeus is just too handsome, his aura is so strong, my face went all red when I saw him. I didn’t give anything away, did I. Ms. Evadne?”

    “No, you did great.”

    Evadne handed her an envelope. “This is for you.”

    “Thank you, Ms. Evadne!” The waitress took the envelope and noticed that it was a thick one.

    At that time, Jason came forward with a document – a confidentiality agreement.

    “I know you’re a good girl, but to cover our bases, it’s better to sign an agreement.” Evadne said with a rxed smile, “You can’t tell anyone what happened here today. If anyone else finds out about my conversation with Mr. Thaddeus today, except for me, I will hold you ountable for breaching the agreement.”

    The waitress hastily nodded her head, signed the agreement promising to keep the secret, and then left the office.

    “This Thaddeus, I heard he’s a tough nut to cra ck. If he lived in ancient times, he’d probably be a king who doesn’t know right from wrong! What do you think, Ms. Evadne, Ms. Evadne?”

    Upon hearing Jason calling her, Evadne came back to her senses and gave a wry smile, “Huh, so Mr. Thaddeus really loves Ms. Acacia. He has even given up his dignity for his future wife.”

    “I heard this Mr. Thaddeus had a divorce before. He wasn’t very good to his ex-wife. So, did this Ms. Acacia hit the jackpot…”

    Evadne mmed the table, her piercing gaze startling Jason. He wasn’t sure what he said to make Ms. Evadne so angry. “Ms. Evadne, if your negotiations with Thaddeus fall through, what’s your n?” Jason quickly changed the topic.

    “Wait.”

    “Wait for what?”

    “Wait for the Stirling group to cra ck under the pressure and send Ives to exin the quality issues. They will definitely try their best to defend themselves. Then, we’ll deliver the killing blow.” A smug smile graced Evadne’s face.

    *Thaddeus might still help them, right?”

    “No, he won’t.”

    Evadne looked up at the poster she designed, which Thaddeus once praised, “He was used by the Stirling group because he didn’t see their true colors. Now that he knows the truth, he won’t help the Stirling group again. Plus, he only loves Acacia. He’s never cared about anyone else. He helped this time partly because he was afraid the Stirling group would affect the Abernathy group. He’s very thoughtful.”

    Thaddeus begged thrice for Acacia, gave up his dignity, climbed ten stories, braved the storm, but wouldn’t even pour water for na.

    -*Thaddeus, can you…get me a warm ** of water? My stomach hurts a little.”

    -“I have to go out on urgent business. Let Alva pour it for you.”

    Evadne burst intoughter, her eyes getting a little moist.

    “Thaddeus, your love for Acacia is a blessing for the people!”

    When he arrived, the sky was overcast. When he left, it was pouring rain. Thaddeus’ mood was as bad as the weather. The atmosphere in the car was as oppressive as a funeral. Thaddeus rubbed his forehead, feeling a sharp pain in his head.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, what kind of person is Ms. Evadne? Why did your mood be so bad after seeing her?” Gordon asked, confused. “You’ve met all sorts of tough opponents over the years, and you’ve always handled them with grace. But this time…”

    Thaddeus thought of the pictures of Evadne as a child, feeling an indescribable sense of strangeness. The little girl in the photo waspletely different from the Evadne he met today, which, of course, was normal as people always change.

    “Go investigate the cause of the conflict between the Stirling group and the Ashbourne group, and the recent activities of the Stirling father and son. Report back to me ASAP!”

    Back at thepany, Thaddeus was swamped with meetings and approving tons of documents. He thought that after na left, his rtionship with Acacia could develop smoothly and his long-lost heart would find a home. But the truth was, he did not feel the joy of finding love again, but rather, felt increasingly powerless in this rtionship.

    A knock on the door interrupted his thoughts. After Thaddeus responded, Gordon rushed in with a file.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, I’ve checked. The K Hotel cancelled Vintage Elegance’s order and ended their cooperation with the Stirling group nine days

    ago.

    11:58

    But at that time, the Ashbourne group had not yet made the quality issues of the Stirling group public, and the outside world was only specting.”

    Then. Acacia announced her engagement, smeared na’s reputation, and the Ashbourne group made the quality issues with the Stirling group’s products public, causing a huge stir.

    Thaddeus clenched his teeth, his trembling hand reaching for painkillers. After taking them, his headache eased slightly.

    “Word on the street is that there was this deputy manager at K Hotel, Keith, who got his grubby hands on some kickbacks from the Stirling group before Evadne took over. He pulled a fast one, recing quality mattresses with shoddy ones, but got caught by Ms. Evadne and got his a ss fired. Dude worked there for over twenty years, even got promoted by Evadne’s pops. Ms. Evadne’s got some serious balls, like a female version of you.” Although pis sed off about the staircase sco, Gordon still praised Ms. Evadne.

    “Why do… I feel like all these events are somehow connected?”

    Thaddeus ma**aged his temples, suddenly hearing the click-ck of heels echoing down the hallway. na’s footsteps.

    -“Thaddeus, quit the painkillers, alright? If you have a headache, tell me. I can give you a ma**age.”

    -“Thaddeus, your pain is my pain. So I need to help you get better, so neither of us has to hurt.”

    na’s gentle words echoed in his ears. He almost felt a pair of hands ma**aging his temples from behind. Da mn it, he was missing that woman again, even hallucinating today!

    Had he, Thaddeus, started missing all those deep feelings he never really cared for since the divorce? He was not the kind of guy who gets emotional easily!

    As night fell, a Rolls-Royce cruised down the slick road.

    This area was not far from K Hotel. Thaddeus had always been envious of the piece ofnd owned by the Ashbourne group, which was now valued at nearly ten billion. If it wasn’t for prior management issues leading to a downgrade in star rating, K Orld Hotel could have been the only six-star hotel in Elmsworth.

    With Evadne’s arrival, it seemed that the hotel had been given a new lease of life and was slowly getting back on track.

    Then, the red light shed on.

    Thaddeus wiped the mist off the car window, his dark eyes shifting outside. A girl, holding an umbre, was hailing a cab by the road. Thaddeus frowned, suddenly realizing something. His heart pounded as he pushed open the car door and ran across the road in the rain.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! Where the hell are you going?” Gordon eximed in shock.

    Ever since his divorce from his ex-wife, Thaddeus’ behavior often left him puzzled.

    The girl managed to g down a cab. Just as she reached for the door handle, arge hand grabbed her arm.

    She looked up in surprise, then turned pale and froze.

    “Mr. Thaddeus?”

    “Ms. Evadne.” Thaddeus’ wet hair covered his angry eyes, “Need a lift?”

    The girl screamed, shook off his hand and hopped into the cab, which sped off immediately.

    “Mr. Thaddeus!” Gordon ran over with an umbre.

    Thaddeus pushed him away and stood in the rain, l*ps trembling, gasping for breath.

    “Evadne, you da mn fraud!”

###Chapter 23

    When Thaddeus came back to Windermere Estate, he was wet, looking like he’d just been fished out of the sea.

    Alva rushed over to help him dry off, but he simply pushed away the towel in her hand, looking like a bear with a sore head, and headed upstairs.

    “What happened to Mr. Thaddeus? Did someone tick him off?” Alva asked Gordon, worry etched on her face.

    “If you’ve got time, Alva, give Mr. Thaddeus a bit of TLC. He’s been taken for a ride.”

    “What? Someone managed to pull one over on Mr. Thaddeus? Have we called the cops yet? We need to call the cops!” Alva was freaking out.

    Gordon shook his head, “Nah, it’s tooplicated for the police. Sometimes, the bad people are pretty cun ning.”

    “I always told Mr. Thaddeus to be careful, but he wouldn’t listen. Being overconfident can be a real Achilles’ heel.”

    Gordon gave a rueful smile. This time, Thaddeus had met his match.

    If it was just about money, it wouldn’t be so bad. The real kicker was that Thaddeus’ pride had taken a hit!

    Thaddeus climbed upstairs, looking as white as a sheet andpletely drained.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, Ms. Acacia is here, Mr. Frederic is asking for you in the study.” A ser vant came to deliver the message.

    With his l*ps pressed tightly together, Thaddeus walked into Frederic’s study.

    “Thad! You’re finally back!” Acacia was over him like a rash, running over to hug him.

    Thaddeus didn’t respond with his usual immediacy, leaving Acacia hanging.

    Facing Acacia tonight, he felt a bit on edge.

    “Thaddeus, how did everything go? Did you meet with President Ashbourne today?” Frederic asked, all business.

    As the chairman of the Abernathy group, he had his fingers in many pies and shouldn’t have to be asking about such minor details.

    But Elspeth kept going on and on about it, so he had to step in and put a bit of pressure on Thaddeus.

    “I trust Thaddeus. He’ll do everything he can to protect Acacia’s family. After all, Thaddeus dotes on Acacia. If he talks to Ms. Evadne, how could the Ashbourne family possibly refuse him? The Abernathy group is no small fry. If the Ashbourne family cross us, they won’t have an easy time in Elmsworth.” Elspeth said smugly, arm in arm with her husband.

    This was her tried-and-true tactic. She would praise Thaddeus first, raising everyone’s expectations, and then any shorings would pi ss Frederic off, creating a rift between father and son.

    “Dad, Elspeth, let’s drop the matter about the Stirling group.” Thaddeus said, his eyes devoid of emotion.

    “Thaddeus, what do you mean by that?” Frederic asked, his brow furrowed.

    “From now on, I won’t be helping the Stirling group. That’s it.”

    With that, Thaddeus turned and left.

    Frederic, Elspeth, and Acacia stood there in shock, their faces a picture of astonishment.

    “Frederic, Thaddeus is joking, right?” Elspeth’s smile froze on her face as unease crept into her heart.

    Frederic’s face darkened but he didn’t say anything.

    Thaddeus returned to his bedroom, drenched and in no mood to change or take a shower. His mind was filled with how Evadne had yed him.

    Why didn’t Evadne want to meet him in person? Was she feeling guilty, or did she think Thaddeus wasn’t worth it?

    “Thad! Why won’t you help us?” Acacia followed him, clutching his arm tightly. “All our orders have been cancelled, our merchandise is piling up in the warehouse, getting mouldy, we can’t even pay our workers. If this continues, the Stirling group will go bankrupt!”

    She was only thinking about the Stirling group’s business,pletely losing her usual caring and gentle side.

    Thaddeus sounded exhausted, “It’ste, I’ll have Gordon take you home.”

    “Thad! What happened that made you change your mind? Can you tell me? Speak up!”

    Thaddeus was too tired to exin. And how could he tell her the real reason? Was he supposed to say that his own actions had led to this, that he had ended up with nothing?

    Suddenly, his heart ski pped a beat.

    The box that held his suit, which had been neatly ced by his bed, was gone!

    Thaddeus pulled away from Acacia, searched the entire room, then called out sternly,

    “Alva!”

    “Yes, Mr. Thaddeus?” Alva rushed in.

    “Where’s the suit box that was by my bed?” Thaddeus asked urgently.

    “I didn’t touch it! You told me not to touch the things Mrs. Abernathy gave you when I clean your room. And when Ms. Acacia came to your room today, I specifically told her not to touch the box by your bed.” Alva finished, giving Acacia a meaningful look.

    Alva deliberately called na ‘Mrs. Abernathy’ In front of Acacia to provoke her, to force her to tell the truth.

    “I threw the box away.” Acacia finally admitted, unable to hold back any longerl

    “Where did you throw it?” Thaddeus asked, his brow furrowed.

    “Thad, why do you care so much about something na gave you? You’re divorced, I’m your ncée now! Why do you treasure her gift like it’s something precious? Have you ever thought about my feelings?”

    Acacia’s eyes welled up with tears, her crying act straight out of her aunt’s ybook.

    “I’ll ask you one more time, where did you throw it?”

    Thaddeus just brushed off Acacia’s tears, colder than ever, and it scared the cry right out of her.

    “In the trash can in the backyard.”

    Thaddeus bolted through the rain to the backyard, rolled up his sleeves and started digging through the trash for the tossed box.

    “Thad! Stop it, it’s filthy!” Acacia yelled from the corridor.

    Filthy?

    Maybe the Abernathy family folks didn’t know that back in the day, he was an illegitimate child, living on the streets with his mother. To survive, he rummaged through countless trash cans at the age of five, just to collect some scraps and cans he could sell.

    He grew up in the filth, he knew it too well. What’s there toin about?

    Finally, Thaddeus found a box smeared with grime, and he sighed a breath of relief.

    Just then, Alva ran over with an umbre for him, and he hastily opened the box.

    But in the next second, his eyes reddened, his face turning a sickly shade.

    His once immacte suit was now ripped and ragged, unrecognizable!

    He turned to look at Acacia,

    Acacia stumbled backward, her breath hitching at his cold and unfamiliar gaze.

    In the end, Thaddeus just held the box, silently walking past Acacia.

    “Thaddeus, are you in love with na? Do you regret the divorce?” Acacia gathered her courage and clung to him.

    “No.” Thaddeus’ voice was full of confusion and unease, he felt wronged.

    “But you’re clearly mad at me, just because I threw away na’s gift, you’re this angry? Did you ever consider how I’d feel seeing those things, reminding me of the three years you guys were together? Don’t you care if I get mad?” Acacia fired back.

    “What do you want from me?”

    Thaddeus slowly pushed her away, took a deep breath, “I divorced her and chose to marry you. Even with grandpa pressuring me, I held my ground. But you broke her stuff, tore the clothes she made herself, even used the media to smear her, had her ndered online. She’s already out of my life, but you never seemed to want to let her go. Enough is enough.”

    His words hit Acacia like a bucket of cold water, humiliation washing over her from head to toe.

    So he knew all along!

    ‘Thaddeus, do you think I wanted to do those things? I did it because I love you!”

    Thaddeus’ frown eased, but his expression was cold.

    “Next time you’re in trouble, just tell me. As long as it’s not something harmful, I can help. But I don’t like you doing things with ulterior motives under the guise of love, or being deceived by someone I trust. You announced our marriage to save your family business. This time. I’ll let it slide, but I hope there’s no next time.”

    With that, Thaddeus decisively left.

    Acacia hugged herself, fuming, thoughts of killing na filled her mind.

    Elsewhere, Evadne and Jason were enjoying the rain with a ** of wine by the floor-to-celling window.

    Her favorite opera was ying on the record yer.

    “Miss, the waitress contacted me. She said she was caught by Thaddeus on her way home from work tonight. He must know about the b*dy double.”

    Jason set down his wine **, knowing she must be exhausted from a day in heels, and knelt down to ma**age her foot.

    “I knew he’d find out sooner orter, just didn’t expect it to be this soon.”

    Jason’s ma**age was soothing, and her eyes fluttered closed. “After we deal with the Stirling group, the Abernathy group is next. After all, with the harsh words Mr. Thaddeus said today, how could I turn a blind eye?”

###Chapter 24

    Acacia left, tears streaming down her face.

    Behind her back, the house staff would say that Ms. Acacia was bad news. Every time she showed up, there was drama, followed by her departure in tears. It was as if she treated the Abernathy’s residence like a funeral procession.

    Thaddeus was sat on the couch, lost in thought, his suit ragged and torn.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, it’s prettyte, you should have some milk and get some sleep.”

    Alva walked in with a steaming cup of milk. Seeing the ruined suit, she sighed, “What a shame.”

    The implication was clear as day.

    “Next time Acaciaes by, keep an eye on her. Don’t let her wander into my room or the study. Oh and na’s too,” Thaddeus said, with a hint of resignation.

    “Don’t worry, Mr. Thaddeus. You’ve got my word, I’ll keep her in check!”

    Alva quickly a**ured him. “I even had the foresight to lock Ms. na’s room today. Who knows what Ms. Acacia might have done if she got in.”

    “Alva, don’t be like that. Acacia isn’t that bad. I did wrong by her for three years after all.”

    “And what about Ms. na? What did she do wrong? You divorced her, don’t you think you’ve wronged her too?” Alva said, raising her voice in defense of na.

    “It was me who was forced into it that year, not her. She could have chosen not to marry me.”

    “So you’re saying Ms. na brought this upon herself?”

    Thaddeus clenched his pale l*ps.

    “Well, you should go to bed. I’ll get out of your hair.”

    Alva left the room, her face cold and unhappy, taking the warm milk with her.

    Thaddeus was slightly taken aback, and hummed lightly.

    Was Alva mad at him? He still wanted to drink that milk.

    When did na start to win over the people closest to him? What a schemer.

    Acacia returned home in embarra**ment, bringing bad news.

    Without the Abernathy group’s support, the Stirling group was in total chaos. It would be hard to turn things around this time.

    “Dang it! What on earth is Thaddeus thinking? He keeps saying he loves you, but he’s not taking responsibility for you. Does he think he can push the Stirling family around?!” Ives was so mad he threw an ashtray, his eyes red with anger.

    “How can Thaddeus not love me? He divorced just for me,” Acacia sobbed, trying to defend herself.

    “I think he’s just weighing the pros and cons! You’re a Stirling and na? She’s just a country bumpkin. Any fool would choose you over her!”

    Acacia knew her brother was trying to stand up for her, but his words felt like an insult.

    “Acacia, why did Mr. Thaddeus suddenly change his mind? What happened?!” Mr. Stirling asked urgently.

    “I don’t know. Today Thaddeus met with President Ashbourne, and when he came back, he said he wouldn’t help us anymore. Dad, brother, did you do something to make Thaddeus find out? He seems to really dislike us.”

    “Could it be because of his ex-wife na?!” Ives faked a look of sudden realization.

    “What are you talking about?” Acacia got nervous at the mention of na’s name.

    “A few days ago, I ran into that crazy woman at the Jareth family’s new bar. I didn’t expect Thaddeus to suddenly show up, not only did he help her, he made me apologize to his ex-wife! What’s the deal?” Ives was still smarting from the humiliation he had suffered.

    Acacia turned pale at his words, feeling troubled.

    Could it be that Thaddeus really had feelings for that woman? Had her worst fearse true?

    She couldn’t let na rise again.

    “Don’t worry, as long as you marry Mr. Thaddeus sessfully, nothing will be unsolvable.”

    Mrs. Stirlingforted her daughter, her gaze cold, “na is a discarded woman, she can’t do anything. What we need to do now is to change people’s perception of the Stirling group and find someone to take the me for this. That’s the key!”

    “The fall guy?” Ives’ eyes lit up and he smiled, “No one is more suitable than him!”

    The Stirling group’s reputation was severely damaged, with only a handful of customers left at Elmsworth’s dozens of Vintage Elegance

    stores.

    What’s worse, Thaddeus was no longer helping. If they couldn’t find a solution, they were done once the money from the Abernathy group

    ran out.

    Meanwhile, the Ashbourne group won public favor by exposing the Stirling group’s substandard products, and the attention to K World Hotel was once again on the rise.

    “I followed your instructions and had someone tail Keith after he left. As expected, he had been in contact with Ives more than once!” Jason held Evadne’s delicate hand, carefully applying oil to her new burgundy manicure. “You really have great foresight, you saw right through that man.”

    “He embezzled from the hotel and colluded with Ives, which proves they are close.”

    Evadne smiled contentedly, satisfied with Mr. Jason’s care.

    “This weekend, the Stirling group will hold a press conference. I’ll make sure you enjoy the show.”

    Evadne was in a good mood today, with the arrival of new mattresses. She even went to check the goods at the back door with Jason.

    “Ms. Evadne, you really don’t have to do this heavy work. The room service manager and I can handle it,” Jason gently advised.

    “I ain’t no pampered princess, I’ve fired guns on the battlefield. After a battle, I’ve carried more than a dozen wounded soldiers, saved hundreds. What’s inspecting a few mattresses?”

    As the words left her mouth, a hint of mncholy shed in Evadne’s eyes.

    She had once saved Thaddeus on a foreign battlefield.

    Back then, amidst bullets and bombs, he had fallen into a pool of blood with injuries to his leg and shoulder. He had roared at her to leave him, but she had sworn to face it with him.

    “Leave me! Go! I’m telling you to leave! Go now!”

    “No way! Even if it means dying here with you, I can’t abandon you! We’re leaving together!”

    Evadne was prepared to die at that time. For her, a girl, to rescue the nearly six-feet-tall Thaddeus from the battlefield was nearly impossible.

    She even wondered then, were they together?

    In life, they shared hardship, in death, they would rest in peace. No regrets!

    Evadne’s red l*ps twisted into a bitter smile, her heart pounding heavily, the pain overwhelming.

    Thaddeus, she hadn’t expected that her scarred heart would still beat for him.

    It seems that one really shouldn’t meet such stunning people in their youth. Evadne and Jason walked to the back door, just as the workers were unloading.

    The guest room manager admired her even more for inspecting the goods herself.

    With Jason’s help, Evadne hopped onto the truck, casually opened a mattress, inspected it carefully, then sat down with a satisfied expression.

    “Very good, you can unload now.”

    At that moment, a blue Lamborghini roared towards them.

    The back door was close to the underground garage, so luxury cars pa**ed by often. It was amon sight.

    But this time was different, because the man in the car was Jareth.

    Mr. Jareth was steering with his left hand, his right arm around a se xy woman. They had stayed up all night and were now out for a meal. Jareth, wearing sun**es and looking bored, nced outside.

    This nce made him see Evadne, who was helping the workers unload mattresses. This beautiful woman was captivating.

    In the bar, she was a delicate night rose, now in her work clothes, her light wasn’t hidden, instead, it entuated her mature and feminine charm.

    She was efficient, not at all squeamish,pletely different from the delicate rich girls he had met.

    Jareth became interested in her and smiled.

    “Country girls sure are capable!”

###Chapter 25

    Jareth arrived at the hotel’s restaurant with his femalepanion.

    The moment the food hit the table, his date started snapping photos like crazy. Jareth was irritated by this. “What are you doing? Never seen food before?”

    She awkwardly put away her phone and started eating in silence.

    After they finished, the restaurant manager came over with a courteous smile. “Mr. Jareth, were our dishes to your liking?”

    “Very good. The meat had a nice bite to it. I’m very pleased.”

    Although Jareth’s personal life was somewhatplicated, he was, after all, from a wealthy family, and his manners and demeanor were still quite refined.

    “What’s this? It’s just tough meat. It tastes awful.” She rudely mmed the cutlery on the table, making a loud sound.

    Jareth’s face darkened instantly, his eyes zing with anger.

    “We will take your feedback to heart and improve. We are truly sorry for your unpleasant experience.” The manager’s attitude was impable, and he bowed deeply.

    “Don’t listen to her. She forgot to wear her dentures today. She wouldn’t be able to chew marshmellow, let alone meat.”

    Her face froze. She didn’t dare to retort to Jareth’s mocking.

    Jareth pulled out his wallet, took out a w ad of cash, and ced it before the manager. While everyone else had moved onto digital payments, he was still carrying around cold hard cash.

    “This is a tip for you. By the way, do you have a staff member named na?” Jareth’s hand was propping up his chin, his eyes full of longing.

    “Mr. Jareth, our service philosophy is ‘you reap what you sow.’ We don’t ept tips from customers. Also, we don’t have an employee named na.”

    “What? No way!” Jareth was flustered. “I saw her unloading stuff at the back door when I arrived. How can you say there’s no such person? Go and check.”

    “I’m sorry, Mr. Jareth, there’s no need to check. I’ve been working here for fifteen years. I know all the staff, and there’s no one by that name.” The manager left after finishing his sentence.

    As Jareth was pondering this, a beautiful figure caught his eye. Evadne gracefully strolled into the restaurant alone.

    She saw Jareth and was slightly surprised, but her expression remained calm. She had been married to Thaddeus for three years, and he never took her out or introduced her to his friends.

    Still, Evadne knew Thaddeus’s best buddy was Jareth. Their personalities were pr opposites, but she knew their bond was tight. They were best buddies.

    Luckily, there were no other staff in the restaurant at this time. It would have been a disaster if someone had called her ‘CEO’.

    Jareth’s eyes were glued to “na”, his eyes practically popping out of his head.

    His date saw that Jareth had set his sights on a new target and was fuming with jealousy. The way Jareth looked at this woman was different, like he was experiencing first love. She was burning with envy.

    Evadne ordered a cup of coffee from the waiter and sat down to check her phone.

    “Ms. na, what a coincidence. You’re here too?”

    Evadne raised her eyes coldly. There was no emotion in her gaze when she saw Jareth.

    “I’m just taking a break. I work here.”

    Jareth raised an eyebrow. He knew she worked here all along, but he had asked out of respect. This woman was so straightforward and not vain. His liking for her grew even stronger.

    “Sigh, Cas sius doesn’t know how to treat a woman. You’re such a great woman, he should treat you well. How could he let you work here? He really doesn’t know how to take care of girls.” Jareth’s palm was propping his chin, his fingers gently rubbing his cheek.

    “Treat me well?”

    Evadneughed coldly, “I was confined at home by Thaddeus for three years. I’ve had enough of that isted life. Jareth, you actually want me to experience that again?”

    Jareth was taken aback. The woman’s smile carried a chilling murderous intent, stabbing a pain in the bottom of his eyes.

    “After leaving Thaddeus, I vowed to be an independent woman. I won’t be looked down upon by anyone, even if it’s tough and hard, I’m willing to work for it. President Ashbourne gave me the opportunity to improve myself, and I’m grateful to him. He’s always respected my choices, so please don’t badmouth him.”

    Jareth was left speechless by Evadne’s words, his smile bing awkward.

    “Mr. Jareth, your girlfriend is waiting for you over there. It’s not nice to flirt with other women, Is it?” Evadne started to rush him impatiently. “Just because we had dinner doesn’t make her my girlfriend. Does a k*ss mean we’re engaged?” Jareth’s eyes sparkled with an enticing. glimmer. “I’ll pick you up tonight for dinner. What do you want to eat? I’ll make the reservation.”

    “I already have a boyfriend, Mr. Jareth.” Evadne’s tone was impatient.

    “I don’t care if you have an ex-husband or a boyfriend.” Jareth never yed by the rules when it came to romance. He only considered his feelings and didn’t care if it was appropriate. “If you’re scared, we can go to my private vi. It’s very secluded, and my chef is Michelin three-star rated. I’ll have them prepare in advance.”

    Evadne’s brows furrowed, thinking when would her coffee arrive? Once it arrived, she’d give Jareth a wake-up call.

    Just then, Jareth’s phone rang. He took it out and saw that it was Thaddeus.

    “I need to take a call. My apologies.”

    Jareth temporarily excused himself, and her coffee finally arrived. Before Evadne could even take a sip, Jareth’s date strutted over arrogantly. She hadn’t heard their conversation clearly, but she knew this woman was the staff Jareth had asked about earlier.

    Amon employee dared to flirt with her boyfriend? She needed to teach her a lesson.

    “Hey, I’m warning you. If you want to keep your job here, stay away from Mr. Jareth.” She red at Evadne, her eyes seemingly spitting fire.

    Evadne furrowed her delicate eyebrows and waved her hand in front of her nose. The overpowering perfume was giving her a headache. She wasn’t sure if Jareth also found the perfume too overpowering.

    “So what if I don’t do as you say?” Evadne asked nonchntly, not even bothering to look up.

    “I’ll file aint and get you fired.”

    “Comin about me? Because you’re not happy that Jareth is talking to me?”

    “You!” The other woman’s face turned crimson with anger.

    “Well then, go ahead andin. You can take it up with our President Ashbourne. He’ll probably just tell you that you’re out of your mind.” “You wench!”

    The woman was uncontroble with rage, reaching for the coffee on the table to teach this more beautiful woman a lesson.

    But in the next moment, “Ah!” Evadne quickly grabbed the coffee cup and sshed the entire contents onto her face.

    The woman’s makeup was ruined, and her brand-new designer dress had been stained. Her l*ps trembled, and she was on the verge of tears, utterly devastated.

    Evadne picked up a napkin and gently wiped away a drop of coffee that had sshed onto her hand. Her red l*ps curled into a smile as

    radiant as a flower.

    “Between you and me, one of us was bound to get hurt, and it certainly wasn’t going to be me.”

    In the hallway, Jareth picked up a phone call.

    “Hey, Thad, what’s up?”

    “Mrs. Jareth’s birthday is the day after tomorrow. Come with me to pick out a gift tonight, I’m clueless.”

    “Ohe on, my mom treats you like her own son, she’d cherish even a de of gra** from you. Just pick something.”

    “No, you have toe with me tonight.”

    “Can’t do tonight, how about tomorrow? I have a date tonight.”

    “Cancel it.”

    “I’ve already promised her dinner, how can I stand her up? That’s just not gentlemanly.”

    Jareth tapped his cheek with his tongue, took a moment to think, and realized that friendship shouldn’t be too selfish. While he might not be

    a gentleman, he certainly wasn’t the type to do something bad behind a friend’s back.

    If he were to do something, he would do it openly. So he cleared his throat, and said seriously, “Just so you know, my date tonight is with your ex-wife.”

    Suddenly, silence fell on the other end of the phone. “Hello, are you there?” Jareth checked his phone screen to make sure he hadn’t been hung up on.

    After a moment, Thaddeus’s cold voice came through the speaker, sounding as harsh as a gunshot. “Are you with na now?”

###Chapter 26

    The moment Thaddeus’s words left his mouth, a series of shrieks echoed through the restaurant.

    Jareth immediately thought of the woman he brought along, who would definitely not just sit quietly. Put her and ra together, and something was bound to happen.

    “I’m kinda busy right now, I’ve got a situation here. Let’s chat some other time, okay?”

    Just as Jareth was about to hang up. Thaddeus’s voice pierced his ears like a sharp knife. “Jareth, where are you?”

    Another round of screams interrupted, even more ear-piercing than thest.

    “I’m at the K Orld Hotel’s restaurant.”

    Jareth hurriedly returned to the restaurant.

    Upon opening the door, the scene he sawpletely overturned his understanding. na had his date’s hair in her left hand, her head pressed against the table, and her right hand holding her arms, rendering her immobile. It was like a scene straight out of a bada ss female cop arresting a criminal.

    Jareth initially worried that na might be bullied, but seeing this, he felt his worries were unnecessary. So he crossed his arms, a smirk ying on his l*ps, and started to enjoy the show.

    “I’m going to file aint, I’m going to sue you! I’ll make sure you can’t survive in Elmsworth!” His date’s face was squashed against the table, her features distorted, but she was still screaming.

    “You better hurry then, or the p mark I left on you will fade, and you won’t be able to determine the extent of the injury.”

    Evadne remained expressionless. If it weren’t for this woman trying to attack her, she wouldn’t even bother touching her.

    Seeing Jareth return, the woman immediately started crying for help, “Mr. Jareth, save me.”

    “Alright, that’s enough.” Jareth approached and pulled na away. His tone carried no hint of me, rather, and it seemed as though he was cating a child.

    He didn’t see any problem with it, as he had once had four women engage in a street brawl over him. The main concern was that na was his friend’s ex-wife, and he was worried that this incident might embarra** Thaddeus.

    “Mr. Jareth. What do you mean enough?! This woman hit me. She pped me, pulled my hair, and left me in a mess. You must get justice for me.” His femalepanion had her hair disheveled, and she was so infuriated that she was on the brink of madness.

    Evadne calmly sat on her chair, looking at the disheveled woman. Jareth’s gaze followed her long legs, finallying to rest on her smooth-skinned feet in heels.

    He always had this quirk, perhaps because he was used to pretty faces. When choosing a woman, he’d always look at their feet first. Evadne’s feet were the epitome of perfection; they were simply too beautiful.

    “Did you provoke Ms. na in some way?” Jareth asked, staring straight at na.

    “Why should I apologize?” His date was so angry her face turned red.

    “You like me, Ms. na doesn’t, so it can’t possibly be Ms. na who started trouble.” Jareth reasoned naturally.

    Evadne raised an eyebrow slightly, thinking that Mr. Jareth was indeed smarter, much better than his annoying buddy Thaddeus.

    “Mr. Jareth, how could you treat me like this? I’m your girlfriend.” She cried and ran over to hug Jareth, but he stepped back in disgust, leaving her to stumble and almost fall.

    “Girlfriend? Says who.” Jareth’s gaze suddenly turned icy, causing his date to choke in shock. “Apologize and leave immediately. I don’t want to see you again.”

    In all of Elmsworth, everyone knew about Mr. Jareth’s temper. When he smiled, he could do anything. When he didn’t, it was trouble.

    “I’m sorry.” His date reluctantly apologized, covered her face, and scurried off.

    “I’m sorry, Ms. na, for the unpleasant scene.” Jareth immediately put on a smile, his expression somewhat awkward.

    “Since Mr. Jareth had her apologize to me, I’m gonna let it go.”

    Evadne nced at the watch on her wrist and stood up, “I need to get back to work, Mr. Jareth, feel free to stay.”

    Jareth was a watch collector, and he instantly recognized the Richard Mille on her wrist, a limited edition worldwide. Seemed like Cas sius really spoiled her. If it were him, he wouldn’t necessarily be willing to part with it.

    She was even wearing such an expensive watch while doing manualbor. What a woman who didn’t know the value of things.

    “Ms. na, when do you get off work? I’ll pick you up tonight.” Jareth eagerly followed her.

    “Don’t wait, you won’t get the chance.”

    13: 22 D

    Evadne tly rejected him, her eyes devoid of any emotion, “I won’t have dinner with you.”

    Jareth sighed slightly, “Why are you so decisive? Last time at the Sapphire Nights Club, I taught Ives a lesson for you. As a thank you, you won’t even have dinner with me?”

    Evadneughed sarcastically, “I remember the one who helped me out was Thaddeus. Taking credit behind your friend’s back, that’s not very

    nice.”

    “Ms. na, did I offend you in some way? Why can’t you give me a chance?” Jareth looked at her intently, “Is it because you already have Cas sius? Does he dare to publicly say you’re his girlfriend? I do.”

    “Mr. Jareth, although love doesn’t have a firste, first served rule, it does have moral standards.” Evadne said lightly, causing Jareth to turn pale. “I may note from a noble background, but I have self-esteem. When I married Thaddeus, he was the only one in my heart. But now that I’m dating the president of the K Group, Cas sius. I can eat simple meals, but I can’t tolerate others messing with what’s in my bowl. Mr. Jareth, please respect yourself and stop interfering with my life, that’s it.”

    Only Evadne knew how bitter she felt saying these words. Even Jareth could see the suppressed anger in her eyes, causing his gaze to darken.

    Evadne took a deep breath, regained herposure, and walked out. Suddenly, she stopped dead in her tracks, her eyes widened. “Thad?” Jareth also looked surprised. How did he get here so quickly, did he fly in on an aircraft carrier?!

    Right now, Thaddeus was standing at the entrance of the restaurant like a sharp sword, his tall figure giving off a chilling aura. The restaurant, already cooled by air conditioning, suddenly felt like an icehouse.

    Evadne looked into Thaddeus’s zing eyes.

    Honestly, his eyes were a sight to behold. With the corners slightly upturned and a faint redness at the tips, they made her heart flutter uncontrobly. However, those eyes had only shown her coldness in the past three years, never once showing a smile, let alone warmth. She was too obsessed, hell-bent on moving a stone-cold man. Yet, after pouring her heart and soul into it, she found that the only one moved was herself.

    Thaddeus slowly moved towards her, his eyes slightly squinted. Hearing that na was with Jareth, he instantly cancelled his afternoon ns and drove here alone. He happened to hear what na said to Jareth, and his heart felt like it’d been hollowed out, an indescribable emptiness filled his chest.

    That ignited a nameless rage in him. He wasn’t one to easily lose his temper, but around na, he couldn’t control his emotions.

    “Why are you here?” Thaddeus stared hard at Evadne’s face.

    “I’m working,” she turned her face away, her words brief.

    “Did you forget? We’re still married until the divorce is finalized, you’re still a part of the Abernathy family. You know the Abernathy and Ashbourne families are at odds, yet you’re working at the Ashbourne’s hotel. What were you thinking? Trying to pi ss me off, disgust me, and humiliate me?” Thaddeus took a deep breath, the veins on his cheekbones visibly throbbing.

    Jareth was about to speak, but Evadne beat him to it.

    “Well, so that’s what you think.” Evadne slowly turned her indifferent gaze to Thaddeus’s handsome face, “In that case, let’s get the divorce underway. That way, you won’t have to haunt me like a ghost, always giving me that nasty look.”

    “na!” Thaddeus suddenly furrowed his brows.

    “You didn’t bring the paperwork, did you? Have Gordon send it over. I carry mine every day, thinking maybe today’s the day.”

    Evadne’s eyes held a teasing smile as she breezed past Thaddeus without a hint of hesitation.

    Thaddeus’s eyes immediately turned red. He grabbed her slender arm forcefully, as if afraid she might sl*p away.

    But the next second, “Ugh!”

    Evadne felt a sharp pain, her forehead breaking out in sweat. Thaddeus was suddenly shocked, his b*dy stiffened, his heart racing. He had identally dislocated Evadne’s arm.

###Chapter 27

    “Holy cow! Thaddeus, have you lost your mind?!” Jareth’s pupils dted in disbelief.

    Evadne turned pale, her slender arms hanging limply by her sides, her smooth forehead glistening with cold sweat.

    Jareth and Thaddeus treated her so differently, one gentle and caring, the other brutish and ruthless.

    Thaddeus grabbed Evadne’s fingers and gave them a squeeze, his l*ps parting in shock as he stepped back.

    “Ms. na, your arm is dislocated. I’m taking you to the hospital right away.” Jareth was frantic, wanting to help Evadne, but she coldly dodged him. “No need, I can handle it myself.”

    “How can you handle it? Your arm is dislocated.”

    “That’s none of your business.”

    Evadne was furious to the extreme, her bright eyes ring wide, as if her whole b*dy was filled with pri ckles, untouchable.

    Jareth stood still, not daring to make any moves.

    Thaddeus stared at his ex-wife, her entire b*dy trembling with anger, and he suddenly realized that he hardly knew her at all.

    They had been married for three years. She used to be gentle and always smiling, even with a hint of appeasement. At that time, he was filled with discontent towards such a marriage. The more she smiled at him, the angrier he became, and eventually, he even grew disgusted by her.

    Now they had split, and the ever-smiling her had disappeared from his life. But her current rage towards him made her seem so real and alive.

    ”

    “Thaddeus, stop being so self-righteous.” Evadne took a deep breath, her eyes reddening, “My decision to work wasn’t intended to hurt your pride. I only wanted to find my own way of surviving after you abandoned me, to discover a new way of life. I don’t understand why you can end our three-year marriage without hesitation, but when I want to start a new life, you hinder me at every turn. Can’t you let go of me? No, you’re not that kind, you just can’t stand to see me doing well.”

    Thaddeus’s eyes slightly narrowed, his throat felt like it was blocked by a rock, rendering him speechless.

    Seeing his silence, Evadne’s heart trembled, she forced back the pain in her heart and mocked, “Do you want to see me miserable every day, unable to live because of the heartache? No way, Thaddeus. These three years, I’ve been living in pain every day. Leaving you is not a continuation of the tragedy, but aplete liberation. Don’te looking for me before grandpa’s birthday, I don’t want to see you.” Evadne turned around, the pain in her heart surpa**ing the pain in her arm, so much so that she had be numb. In fact, this small injury was nothing to her, she could easily reset her arm in front of them. But she wanted to see herself in this sorry state, she wanted all her nerves to feel the pain, only then would she feel relieved.

    Suddenly, Evadne felt a warmth on her lower back, and then the world spun. Thaddeus came up behind her and picked her up without hesitation.

    “Put me down!” Evadne’s face turned red, and she struggled in his arms.

    The more she tried to struggle, the tighter Thaddeus held her, his broad chest trapping her like a cage, leaving no room for her to resist. Evadne’s b*dy was pressed against his chest, feeling his rapid heartbeat, even smelling the scent she liked on his cor.

    She suddenly felt like crying. Many nights, she would spray his cologne on her bed to apany her to sleep. The sweet memories of the past now only brought resentment.

    “I’m taking you to the hospital. Your shoulder is dislocated. We can’t dy.” Thaddeus’s face was expressionless, but his gazes were deeper. “Let go of me, Thaddeus. You didn’t care about me when we were married, you have no right to touch me after divorce.” Evadne cried out angrily, her voice h oa rse.

    But Thaddeus seemed not to hear, his face was tense as he walked forward determinedly.

    Jareth clicked his tongue and hurried to catch up. “What’s going on? You two are already divorced and still can’t clear up the mess. Let me help you, Ms. na.”

    “Beat it.”

    “Beat it.”

    The two of them shouted in unison, one with red eyes, the other with a red face.

    Jareth was surprised, “Wow, you two really look like a couple.”

    Hospital.

    Evadne was taken into the clinic, Thaddeus and Jareth waited in the corridor.

    “Thaddeus, you were really rough with her. Her tiny arm couldn’t handle your strength, what if you broke it?” Jareth shook his head in

    dissatisfaction.

    “How did you know she was working there?” Thaddeus’s eyes were cold as he red at him, anger burning in his gaze.

    “I was there for a meal and happened to see her. When I got there, she was doing heavy lifting at the back door, working hard. You couldn’t tell she used to be the wife of a CEO.” Jareth said with a smile, his voice full of admiration, “She’s humble and adaptable; she’s the most special woman I’ve ever met.”

    Thaddeus’s hand clenched tightly, his voice was a little h oa rse. “Then you really have not met a lot people.”

    “That’s better than someone who has eyes but can’t recognize gold.” Jareth responded sarcastically, and they continued to hurt each other. Thaddeus’s eyes reddened, his heart felt like it was being squeezed.

    “Truth be told, I always thought you two would get back together.” Jarethmented.

    “Impossible.” Thaddeus’s voice was h oa rse, he coldly replied.

    “You clearly still care about her, otherwise why would you rush over here? Look at how anxious you were, your eyes were shining when you saw her, and you say you don’t care?”

    Jareth leaned against the wall, crossed his arms and shook his head, “Thaddeus, what you’re doing is really unfair. You dumped your old love for a new one, and now you’re upset to see her in love again. You don’t want to be like Emeric and have multiple women, do you?” “She promised grandpa that we can only officially divorce after grandpa’s eightieth birthday, she should be able to do it.”

    “She only agreed to dy it to consider grandpa’s feelings. But you’re holding on to it like you’ve found some sort of leverage, it’s really a bit too much.”

    “This is my private business. You don’t need to interfere.” Thaddeus felt a sense of oppression.

    “I don’t really wanna butt in, but I kinda fancy Ms. na, and I’d like to see where things could go with her, so I wanted to talk to you about it, you know, see if you could step back a bit?” Jareth mimicked Evadne’s speech pattern, his normally flirty eyes turning serious.

    “Just drop it, you’re not her type,” Thaddeus’s face darkened.

    “Whether I’m her type or not, that’s up to her to decide.”

    “Jareth.”

    Jareth ignored Thaddeus’s growing anger, tilting his head and raising an eyebrow. “But listen, if you change your mind before marrying Acacia, and decide you want to get back together with her, I’ll step off and stop chasing her. After all, we’ve been friends for years, and I respect you as a true friend. But if you keep hovering around Ms. na even after your get married to Acacia, I might have to fight you for her.”

    Thaddeus’s l*ps tightened, his stern face clouded over.

    “Thaddeus.” A roar echoed through the quiet hallway.

    As Thaddeus turned his head, a strong punchnded squarely on his cheek.

    610 4 $14

###Chapter 28

    Thaddeus had attended a top-tier military academy in college and had three years of military experience. Even now, as he switchednes and entered the business world, his brawny physique beneath his suit was still unmistakable. So even though Arnold’s punch had left a bruise on the corner of his l*p, his tall frame remained unshaken.

    “Ugh, love rival.” Jareth cursed under his breath, not daring to voice his thoughts aloud. He remembered na’s sarcastic remarks about him being too arrogant.

    Arnold, seething with anger, swung another punch at Thaddeus, but Thaddeus nimbly dodged it.

    “Thaddeus, didn’t I tell you to keep your distance from na? Can’t you understand?”

    Arnold was huffing and puffing, his eyes burning with rage. “If na gets hurt, I’ll make you pay. The entire Abernathy family won’t get away.”

    “President Ashbourne, you might be exaggerating a bit. na just dislocated her shoulder,” Jareth hurriedly tried to mediate, fearing the situation might escte.

    “Just a dislocation?” Arnold’s mouth twisted in anger, “You two, one treats women like toys, the other like decorations. How could you two possibly understand how I feel? na is the woman I love the most. She is the woman that I’m going to protect and cherish for the rest of my life. Keep your filthy thoughts to yourself and stay away from her!”

    Arnold’s words were filled with sincerity and heartfelt emotion. For him, even his wife had to take a backseat to Evadne.

    A flicker of shock pa**ed through Thaddeus’ eyes. This confession was so direct, pa**ionate, and heartfelt. He had never had the courage to express his love to a woman like this in his life.

    Since leaving him, na had be even more attractive, radiating charm. First, there was Cas sius, then Jareth, all showing interest in her.

    Thaddeus couldn’t describe the sour feeling in his heart. It was like he was a fool who didn’t appreciate what he had until it was gone. Now everyone wanted to possess her, and he felt unwilling.

    “Thaddeus, I’ll sue you.” Arnold pointed at Thaddeus’ cold face, nning to have his friends deal with him when the time was right.

    “Sure, but I need to correct you.” Thaddeus looked at him with an expressionless face, “na and I haven’t finished our divorce process. She is still my wife and a member of the Abernathy family.”

    Jareth was speechless, thinking that Thaddeus really knew how to twist the knife.

    Arnold was so furious he wanted to spit on him, but his upbringing made him hold back.

    “President Ashbourne,” a soft but strong voice came, causing the three men to turn around.

    Evadne stood alone, her left arm in a cast, her gaze calm, her beautiful face somewhat pale, like a fragile yet proud daffodil.

    Thaddeus squinted his eyes, his throat a little dry.

    The corridor was wide and empty. na stood there, alone. Her pair of bright, innocent eyes shimmered, pure without a hint of impurity, invoking a man’s protective instincts.

    Suddenly, a distant and vague sense of familiarity stirred in his mind. na?

    Thaddeus felt a sharp pain in his head, but the pain and fragmented memories quickly disappeared.

    Arnold quickly rushed to his sister’s side, his eyes red with worry. “Are you in pain?”

    “No, let’s go home.”

    Evadne gave her brother a gentle smile, her smile bright and intimate, causing Thaddeus’ eyes to sting.

    Arnold put his arm around Evadne’s waist and they walked together down the other end of the hallway. She didn’t even bother to nce at her ex-husband.

    Thaddeus felt a tightness in his chest. He was just about to approach when Jareth held him back.

    “Don’t, Thaddeus, it will be too embarra**ing if you go now. You’ve already hurt Ms. na. You know who called Cas sius over, right? Don’t court humiliation.”

    As they watched the two support each other and disappear down the corridor, Thaddeus felt like he was suffocating, his fingers tightly clenched.

    Jason also rushed over. He had been called over by Arnold, but it seemed he still didn’t know what had happened.

    “Miss! What happened?! Who hurt you?!”

    “That ba stard Thaddeus.”

    Arnold was seething and wanted to say more, but stopped when his sister red at him.

    “What?! I’ll go settle things with that jerk.” Jason was furious and wanted to confront Thaddeus, but Evadne stopped him. “Forget it, you can’t beat him. He’s from the peacekeeping force, and if you go, you’ll just be a punching bag for him. Besides, he didn’t do it on purpose. He’s

    heavy-handed and doesn’t know how to be gentle. This isn’t something new.”

    “Miss, it sounds like you’ve known him for a while?”

    Evadne hesitated, biting her lower l*p. Jason still didn’t know about her rtionship with Thaddeus. It wasn’t that she was deliberately hiding it. She just didn’t feel like exining. It was all over, and she didn’t want to reopen old wounds.

    Back at the vi, Arnold made Evadne some coffee, ranting about Thaddeus all the way.

    “I’m sorry.” Evadne felt guilty and lowered her head.

    “You’re apologizing to me?” Arnold was surprised, reaching out to touch his sister’s forehead. “Are you sick? What are you talking about?”

    “No. I just needed help since Cas sius is abroad. I didn’t want you to feel like I was using you,” Evadne’s voice grew softer as she spoke. “Little fool, what are you talking about?” Arnold felt a pang in his heart and hugged Evadne, carefully avoiding her injured arm. “Ever since you were born, us four brothers were always there to protect you. The next time you get married, we’ll be your most valuable wedding gifts.” After saying this, he felt it was inappropriate and added, “Even if you never get married again, we’re still yours, protecting you for life.” Evadne’s l*ps twitched. Wedding gifts? Four men? Might as well be a nun then, amen.

    Evadne got injured, and this made Thaddeus unable to concentrate on his afternoon meetings. He merely listened half-heartedly to the reports from the senior executives.

    Mr. Thaddeus had a grimace on his face, looking gloomy, but no one dared to ask why, even their breathing was careful.

    Although Thaddeus was an illegitimate child, no one in the Abernathy group dared to defy him anymore.

    The other son of the Abernathy family was weak and had been recuperating abroad for years. It was said that his illness had been recurring and he already needed a wheelchair to get around; Elspeth only had two daughters, 25 and 20 years old, neither of whom met the criteria to inherit.

    So Thaddeus was naturally the sole heir to the Abernathy group, and he was highly capable, so it was well deserved.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, the hotel of the Farley group in Wye that we had our eyes on has been bought by someone else,” a senior executive reported nervously.

    “Who bought it?” Even though Thaddeus was distracted, he wouldn’t let it get in the way of business.

    “The K Group, the Farley group sold the hotel to them. It will be the second K World Hotel in Elmsworth.”

    Thaddeus stiffened, his expression darkening. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”

    “We were in negotiations, almost had it, but then President Ashbourne of the K Group suddenly swooped in and took our project. We didn’t see iting,” the executive’s face went pale with fear.

    “Almost had it? I think you’re just about ready to retire.”

    Thaddeus’s words were icy, the atmosphere tense, “I said before, that hotel’s location is prime, only 600 meters from Universal Studios that will bepleted in two years. We had to buy it as soon as possible, even if the price doubled. Your hesitation cost us this opportunity, now the Ashbourne group gets the advantage, how are you and your team going to take responsibility?”

    The executive wiped his sweat and his legs were trembling.

    “Report to the Eldoria branch next week. If you make another mistake like this, you don’t have to stay.”

    After Thaddeus finished speaking, his tall figure had already reached the doorway, leaving everyone in astonishment, feeling as if they were walking on thin ice.

    Mr. Thaddeus was imposing without being angry, and he was even more fiery today than usual.

    “Could it be retaliation?” On the way home, Gordon drove while anxiously ncing at the rear-view mirror, “Ms. Acacia just attacked Ms. na, then President Ashbourne sna tched our project, then the Stirling group’s products were exposed to have issues, could this also be

    President Ashbourne pulling the strings behind the scenes? Although the Stirling group getting to this point is their own fault.”

    Thaddeus red into the rearview mirror and Gordon nearly choked in shock.

    “Pull over at the tailor shop ahead.”

###Chapter 29

    Tailor Shop.

    Thaddeus walked in, his towering figure almost filled the entire doorway, like a giant suddenly breaking in.

    A tailor was ironing clothes, and his expression turned quite surprised when he saw this Impressive man. “Well, it’s you!”

    “I’m willing to pay any price, please help me out.” Thaddeus looked anxious as he opened the box he was holding.

    “Oh, my Go d. What happened? How did such a good piece of clothing end up like this?” The tailor cherished clothes, and it pained him to see such a nice suit ruined so badly.

    “I messed it up.” Thaddeus could only say this.

    “This suit was sewn by the girl herself, and I watched her painstakinglyplete it.” The tailor sadly shook his head, “What a pity, such a good suit…”

    “Is there any way to fix it?” Thaddeus anxiously asked.

    “How can this be fixed? If only the inside was damaged, it could be repaired, but both the inside and outside are damaged. Even if it’s repaired it can’t be restored to its original state.”

    Hearing this, Thaddeus’s heart tightened. “Just try your best to fix it. Even if there are traces after the repair, at least the hole can be sewn up.”

    As soon as Thaddeus returned to Windermere Estate, he felt a suffocating atmosphere.

    “Thaddeus.” Elspeth’s eldest daughter, Glynnis hurriedly came over, “Grandpa came, he’s upstairs in the study arguing with dad. You have to stop them!”

    “Why are they arguing?” Thaddeus furrowed his brow.

    In his eyes, Frederic was a very good child, or at least he gave off that impression to outsiders.

    Grandpa had a stroke and high blood pressure, and couldn’t easily get angry. Frederic even went against his usual principle to argue with grandpa; there could only be one possible reason – for his stepmother, Elspeth.

    “Acacia is rted to our Abernathy family, and it’s only right for dad to help the Stirling family in their time of need.” Glynnis stamped her foot in frustration, “But grandpa won’t let dad help the Stirling group. Isn’t grandpa being foolish? Helping the Stirling group is like helping our own family, right? Thaddeus, you’re about to marry Acacia. If this matter isn’t resolved, the dignity of our Abernathy family can’t be preserved.”

    Thaddeus’s eyes darkened as he quickly ascended the stairs.

    Hamiltion sat in a wheelchair, picking up the ashtray and cup on the table and throwing them on the floor. He was eighty years old, and the older he got, the angrier he became. If anything upset him, he would start smashing things.

    Elspeth wiped her tears with a handkerchief, crying in Frederic’s arms. Frederic used his b*dy to protect her, fearing the shattered cup would cut her. “Dad, can you calm down? Can’t we talk properly?”

    “If you do what you should do, I’ll reason with you. If you do what you shouldn’t, I can only use force to stop you.” Hamiltion was so furious that he pounded his chest, “What did I tell you? I told you not to meddle in the Stirling group’s affairs. And you actually went behind my back?!

    You’re helping them clear their backlog of goods, transferring the Abernathy group’s projects to them. Has your brain been muddled by this woman? Do you think I’m already dead?”

    “Dad, how can you say that?” Frederic was so angry he was lost for words, but he didn’t dare to talk back directly.

    “Am I wrong? Ever since you married this woman, your thinking has be unclear.” Hamiltion hit the armrests of the wheelchair hard. Elspeth tearfully said, “I know you look down on me, but I feel that since Frederic and I have been together for over twenty years, I’ve always taken care of the family, served the Abernathy family with all my heart, lived very cautiously, sincerely and fearfully. I’ve never gone against your wishes, never brought trouble to the Abernathy family… because I know marrying Frederic was a gift from you, and I dare not wish for anything else.”

    Frederic looked at his wife in his arms with gentle gazes. But Hamiltion saw through her fake humble facade. He was so angry that his wheelchair shook.

    Elspeth continued, “My sister is an honest businesswoman… it’s too unjust for her to be ndered like this for no reason. And Acacia is about to marry Thaddeus, this matter…”

    “An honest businesswoman? I think it’s more like a swindler.” Hamiltionughed coldly.

    Elspeth’s expression froze for a moment.

    “Don’t think that because I’m old and retired that I don’t know anything. The Stirling group brought this on themselves, their business is unclear, and in the end, they can only reap what they’ve sown. You don’t need to use Thaddeus to pressure me, if he wants to marry Acacia from the Stirling family, I won’t recognize him as my grandson. You guys just live your lives, and when I die one day I don’t need you to mourn for me.”

    “Dad.” Frederic sighed.

    Elspeth cried, but her eyes were extremely cold. She had been oppressed by Hamiltion for over twenty years, she had had enough. She hoped that Hamilton would just quietly die, and die with his wishes never fulfilled.

    “Grandpa.” Thaddeus quickly came in, reaching out to pat Hamilton’s back, but was pushed away by Hamiltion,

    “Don’t pretend to care. You and your father are the same, all running around for this woman.”

    “I won’t help the Stirling group. I’ve already stated my position.” Thaddeus’s eyes were exceptionally calm.

    Hamition’s eyes it up instantly. “Really?!”

    “Yeah, the Stirling group is indeed a hot mess, so I’m not lifting a finger for them.”

    “And what about you and the Stirling family’s Acacia…

    “That’s got nothing to do with Acacia. Our wedding is still on.” Thaddeus replied co olly.

    “Ah, forget about it. At least you’re not entirely clueless. That’s something. You’re a smidge better than your clueless dad.” Hamiltion waved his hand in disappointment. He couldn’t figure out what was wrong with his grandson. He dumped a perfectly fine girl and insisted on marrying that troublemaker Acacia.

    “Elspeth.” Thaddeus turned to Elspeth, his tone was cold, “Mrs. Stirling is your own sister. I get it if you want to help her. But any help should not harm the Abernathy group’s interests. Otherwise, wouldn’t that contradict your all-time principle of ‘serving the Abernathy family wholeheartedly?”

    Elspeth was left speechless by his words, her face flushed.

    *Ded, even though Acacia is my fiancee, I always keep my personal life separate from work. As the chairman, you should always put the group’s interests first. Thaddeus turned to Frederic again.

    There was no hint of father-son affection in his voice, just a business-ke demeanor.

    Frederic’s face darkened. Knowing he was in the wrong, he braced himself and said, ‘Helping the Stirling group isn’t just for Elspeth. I just returned from Aetheria where I was supposed to attend a summit and meet with a big international project, but they canceled at thest minute. Then I found out they were intercepted by the K Group’s president, Cas sius. G od knows what he promised them, but they decided not to consider working with the Abemathy group anymore. All these things are rted to the Ashbourne group. They are clearly targeting us, how can I let them keep getting the upper hand and stepping on our heads?”

    “There’s more to this? Hamilton’s eyes darkened.

    The Abernathy group in Elmsworth and the Ashbourne group in Skyrim had been rivals for centuries. The Ashbourne group’s great-great-grandmother even vowed that they would never have alliance with the Abemathy family. The tension between them was always high. But Cas sius not only stole the Abernathy group’s project but also yed d*rty abroad. It was clear he was out for revenge.

    Wait a minute.

    Thaddeus suddenly realized something, and quickly asked. “Dad, did you say you met Cas sius in Aetheria?”

    ‘Yes.’

    “Today?”

    “Of course.”

    How could that be?!

    Cas sius was at the hospital picking up na this afternoon. How could he be in Aetheria at a meeting?

    Could it be that the man this afternoon wasn’t Cas sius? If he was not Cas sius, then who was he?!

###Chapter 30

    In the end, Frederic promised his father he wouldn’t interfere with the Stirling family’s affairs anymore. Only then was the matter considered

    closed.

    He and Elspeth left with gloomy faces. Hamilton looked at the mess around him, his eyes filled with bitterness. “We’re blo ody cursed, I tell ya. We Abernathy men are all getting screwed over by those scheming Acacia harpies.”

    Thaddeus bent down to pick up something from the floor, his mind racing. Could someone have gone to Aetheria in ce of Cas sius? But there was no way Frederic could have mistaken the person. They had squared off countless times in the business world. He couldn’t have mistaken the person unless he was going sen ile.

    At that moment, Thaddeus picked up a folding fan. “Grandpa, is this yours?”

    “Ah! Yes…I’d forgotten. Hand it over.” Hamilton’s face softened. “This fan was handmade by na. She even did the painting and calligraphy on it. It’s all her work.”

    She painted?

    Thaddeus suddenly froze, like his soul had left his b*dy. When she was by his side, she was always well behaved and dull. Compared to Acacia who could y the piano, dance, and sing, na was nothing special. Apart from being gentle and having a pretty face, she had no special talents. She was no different from a maid.

    But once she left him, she bloomed like a pearl emerging from dust. Not only did she shine brightly, she also exuded confidence. Her talents, which he had never known about, emerged one by one like surprises, leaving him unprepared.

    Did she think Thaddeus didn’t deserve her talents and that only Cas sius did?

    So her feelings for him weren’t true love, but apromise for his sake. Her true love was Cas sius, wasn’t it?

    “Every weekend, na used to visit me. Sometimes she’d apany me for a walk, sometimes she’d sit with me in my study for an entire afternoon. She never found it boring. She’d just sit there reading or drawing. She’s excellent at drawing. I can tell she’s been practicing for at least a decade. She looks so beautiful when she draws. She’s confident and graceful. She’s no ordinary girl, but ady from a noble family.” Hamilton sighed, looking gloomy. “She’s much better than that Acacia who only know how to put on a fa?ade. It’s a shame you’re such a blind fool, Thaddeus.”

    Thaddeus clenched his jaw and unfolded the fan.

    A smooth, flowing sentence caught his eye-

    If I could return to my youth, I would exchange wealth for a gentle breeze.

    Suddenly, Thaddeus felt as if he’d been struck by lightning. His chest trembled, and his eyes scanned the sentence over and over again. The style and charm of the calligraphy was exactly like the painting hanging in Evadne’s office.

    He suddenly remembered seeing na at the hotel where Evadne worked. And the sound of na’s footsteps in the corridor after he left Evadne’s office. Did na know Evadne?

    Could it really be such a coincidence? Could it be that Evadne is na? That was impossible!

    na could be indecisive at most, but she could never be as cun ning as Evadne.

    Meanwhile, Skyrim, Silveke Harbor.

    Cas sius had returned from his trip to Aetheria and was having dinner at home with Arnold and their father.

    During the meal, Cas sius reported on his work progress in Aetheria. Emeric nodded in approval, a hint of pride appearing on his stern face. His eldest son was excellent in many ways, but he preferred a life of religion. Power, wealth, and shares couldn’t sway him from bing a priest.

    “Cas sius, it’s unlike you to sn atch away Abernathy group’s business like that,” Emeric said after a sip of red wine. “You’ve always advocated for solving problems in a fair and peaceful way. This aggressive move is more like my style when I was young.”

    “Peace is like a human b*dy. It appears healthy, but you never know when it’ll fall sick.” Cas sius provided a profound response and elegantly took a sip of water.

    Arnold chuckled. He knew Cas sius had made this move to avenge his sister.

    “Business requires flexibility. As long as it’s legal, the means can vary. You did well this time.” Emeric patted Cas sius on the shoulder, his gazes sharp and excited. “Besides, Frederic is my enemy. His grandfather wronged your great-grandmother. Revenge can wait a long time.” Arnold gave a resignedugh. The Ashbourne family had a tradition of holding grudges for a hundred years.

    “By the way, how is Evadne doing in Elmsworth? Her decisive actions against the Stirling group were good, but if she mishandles it, I’m afraid she’ll earn people’s hatred and bring trouble upon herself. You two need to protect her, understood?” Emeric’s tone was casual, but his eyes were filled with concern.

    “We got it, dad.”

    12.22

    “Dad, don’t worry. If anyone dares to bully Evadne, the four of us will make them regret ever being born.”

    “Don’t be so harsh. Just make their life miserable.” Emeric took another sip of his wine, his eyes squinting in satisfaction.

    After dinner, Emeric and Cas sius left first.

    Just as Arnold was about to leave, he noticed that Cas sius had left his phone on the table. The phone started vibrating, and Thaddeus’s name stood out on the screen.

    Arnold, with a mischievous curiosity, nced around, then cleared his throat and answered the phone.

    “What can I do for you, Mr. Thaddeus?”

    “I want to speak to na.” Thaddeus’s tone was unfriendly, which made Arnold ufortable.

    “Thaddeus, have you lost your marbles? What gives you the right to have na answer your calls?”

    There was a pause, then a heavy voice asked, “Is this Cas sius?”

    Arnold figured Thaddeus must have realized something, but he steeled himself and said, “Mr. Thaddeus, if you’re drunk, call your fiancee, I don’t have time to chit-chat with you.”

    “Cas sius, if you truly want to stand up for na, then do it in a straightforward way, instead of ying d*rty tricks behind the scenes,” Thaddeus’ tone was icy, his stance clear.

    “Thaddeus, there’s no one in the world that are more shameless than you.” Arnold was so furious he gritted his teeth, “Who was the one who first defamed na in such a despicable way, don’t you know it yourself? If you want to plead for your fiancee, then be sincere, don’t be a thief and expect a good reputation, it’s disgusting.”

    Thaddeus on the other side clenched his fists, his face burning as if on fire. The man who could speak freely at countless important meetings was now speechless under Arnold’s scolding.

    “But let me make it clear to you, even if you kneel down and beg me now, I won’t let you guys off easily. Anyone who bullied na, I will make them pay a heavy price.” With that, Arnold decisively ended the call.

    Thaddeus sat in his study, looking at the dark screen, his forehead veins bulging, his fingertips almost crushing the screen.

    “Mr. Thaddeus.” Gordon hurried in, seeing his gloomy face and short breaths.

    “Speak.”

    “I followed your instructions to investigate, and the results are that among the five children born to Mrs. Ashbourne, besides the eldest son Cas sius, who we could find some information on, the files of the other four children… all have been encrypted at a high level, and cannot be cracked.”

    Thaddeus abruptly looked up, his grim gaze sweeping over him with murderous intensity.

    Gordon’s face turned pale, his throat bobbing, “Should I… go to the HR department tomorrow to resign and settle my sry, or…”

    Evadne, fresh out of the bath with a face mask on and dressed in a white bathrobe, elegantly came downstairs to find a drink, looking like a graceful little swan.

    Jason hurriedly approached, his eyebrows full of concern. “If you need something, just let me know, I’ll get it for you.”

    “It’s just getting a bottle of red wine from the cer, no biggie. It’s past nine, why are you still dressed so formally?”

    Evadne gave him a once over, blinking, “From now on, when you return here, make yourself at home and feel free to change intofortable clothes-no need for formality. You being like this makes me feel like I’m always in work mode. It’s stressful.”

    Another reason was that it reminded her of Thaddeus. Speaking of which, it was quite embarra**ing. She had been married for three years, and aside from that one night when she saw his robust b*dy and remarkable abilities, she hadn’t seen her husband’s b*dy since. Thaddeus was a man of strict discipline. When he returned to Windermere Estate, he always stayed in his study unless he needed to use the bathroom or take a shower. Only before bed would he take off his suit and change into a deep blue nightgown to rest. His suit was elegant and noble, yet suffocatingly gloomy. Yet, only Evadne knew that beneath that cold, emotionless shell, a fiery, pa**ionate heart was hidden. Otherwise, how could there be the pa**ion of that one night, a night of ecstasy that she could relish for a lifetime.

    “Evadne?” Jason tilted his head and softly called her.

    “Huh?” Evadne was a bit dazed, her cheeks flushed, a hint of moisture reflected in her bright eyes.

    “Your face… it’s so red.”

###Chapter 31

    “Really?” Evadne touched her cheek with her right hand, which was hot like a little heater, and she immediately turned her face away in shyness.

    “Maybe it’s because I had a bit of booze, feeling a little tipsy.”

    “You’re heading to the wine cer now, and your face is already flushed without even drinking?” Jason began to get curious. He was shrewd and efficient at work, but in his private life, he was like an innocent big boy,pletely oblivious to the fact that Evadne was in a state of romantic infatuation.

    “You’re asking too many questions.” Evadne gave a coquettish roll of her eyes, and then turned around and left.

    With a face full of grievance, Jason, not knowing where he had offended Evadne, could only follow her like a faithful little dog.

    They arrived at the wine cer, which stored nearly a thousand bottles of red wine, all prepared by Cas slus for her, because he knew she liked to drink red wine. Each of these wines was quite valuable. Many of them were raritles bought at auctions, some of which even Emeric didn’t have, but Evadne had dozens. If she sold these wines, she could afford to buy two detached vis in Elmsworth.

    Evadne leisurely browsed the wine rack and took a liking to a bottle of La Romanee-Conti. She tiptoed to reach for it, but still couldn’t get it.

    Jason walked over to her and with his tall figure, he easily helped her get the wine bottle. They were too close, and Jason could distinctly smell the sweet milk fragrance in Evadne’s hair. Instantly, his heart raced, and a blush spread across his face.

    “Here you go, Ms. Evadne.”

    “Having a secretary who’s tall is great, even saves thedder.”

    But the ideal man in her mind should be taller, like Thaddeus. Evadne cursed in her heart. That annoying man, just thinking of him gave her a headache.

    “Ms. Evadne, let me open the wine for you, it might be inconvenient with one hand…”

    Evadne suddenly hit her ster cast against the corner of the table, breaking it and revealing her smooth forearm.

    “Annoying, I’ve been wanting to tear it off.”

    Jason was startled.

    “In the past on the battlefield, I often saw people’s legs blown off by bombs, and soldiers, who were joking with me in the morning, when they were brought back in the afternoon, their bodies were full of bullet holes, and half of their faces were blown off.”

    Evadne calmly described the cruelty of war, her eyes revealing a sense of calmness from having experienced life and death. Jason was surprised, he couldn’t imagine how this Ms. Evadne, who enjoyed a luxurious life at home, had lived through these years.

    The chat group was bustling again.

    Elvis: “Amold, it’s understandable that our big brother is too busy to have time, but you, a judicial department guy, why are you also so numb? Do you know that Thaddeus sent people to secretly decrypt our n? Thanks to my quick response, I encrypted the files. He wants topete with me? Maybe in his next life.”

    Evadne was startled, her almond-shaped eyes widened.

    Arnold: “Did he suspect something?! Wait, who let you call me by my name? Call me big brother.”

    Elvis: “No, you only came out a few minutes earlier than me. If I was the first one to be taken out of mom’s belly, I would be your big brother.”

    Arnold: “Even if I’m one second earlier than you, I’m still your big brother. Call me big brother.”

    Elvis: “Arnold.”

    Arnold: “Do you want a beating?”

    Elvis: “A fight? Even if I give you both hands, you can’t beat me.”

    Evadne:” Enough! You two are really childish.”

    Once Evadne spoke, the two brothers immediately quieted down.

    Evadne: “Thaddeus has conducted an investigation on us, so he may have doubts about your identity. You’ve intervened twice to protect me, and he might realize you’re not the real Cas sius.”

    Evadne’s eyes sparkled with wisdom. She gently swirled the ruby-red wine in her **.

    “In that case, you don’t need to hide anymore,” Evadne said.

    He wanted an answer, so she’d give him one.

    The weekend arrived quickly.

    Due to public pressure, the Stirling group finally held a press conference at a five-star hotel, attracting many journalists.

    Although the Stirling group was just a regional second-tier enterprise, because Acacia had previously announced her engagement to Thaddeus, it made the Stirling group the center of public attention overnight.

    At this moment, across from the hotel’s main entrance, a ck Maybach was parked by the roadside. Thaddeus was watching the live stream of the press conference on his iPad with a cold expression.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, I think the reason Mr. Frederic has been looking for you these days is probably to remind you not to ignore the Stirling group.” Gordon said worriedly. “Your constant opposition to Mr. Frederic, won’t it affect your father-son rtionship? I’m worried Elspeth will take the opportunity to whisper something in your ear.”

    “Even if she says something, I won’t help the Stirling group.” Thaddeus was expressionless, even cold, “As for the father-son rtionship, it doesn’t exist in the first ce, so how could it be affected.”

    Gordon sighed silently. Although Thaddeus seemed morous, in the Abernathy family, he was always a lonely person, and no one knew his inner pain.

    Soon the press conference began.

    Under the gaze of the crowd, Ives, dressed in a ck suit, looked very dignified as he walked up to the stage. His face bore an expression of anger and injustice, as if he had been greatly wronged.

    “We all know that our Vintage Elegance under the Stirling group has 32 stores in Elmsworth and more than 400 stores nationwide, and has always been recognized as a good brand in the industry. This negative news is the result of someone maliciously hyping it up, deliberately tarnishing the corporate image of our Stirling group.” he said.

    Gordon looked at the screen, curling his l*p in disdain, “Even though their product clearly has serious quality issues, he still has the audacity to act all high and mighty. He is truly shameless.”

    Thaddeus didn’t say a word, but his furrowed brows tightened even more.

    “But it was the K Group’s hotels that first revealed Vintage Elegance’s quality issues. Everyone knows about the K Group’s reputation. They’ve never stooped to smear other brands topete in all these years. So I think Vintage Elegance’s problem is not as simple as just a smear campaign, right?” A reporter suddenly asked, his wordsced with barbs.

    Ives’ face darkened in an instant, “Vintage Elegance has been established for over a decade. This is the first time such a problem has urred, I’m extremely worried and deeply upset.”

    “So, Mr. Ives, are you admitting there is a quality issue? Are you admitting to cutting corners? And if I remember correctly, there was a seriousintst year. I believe everyone here should remember that.” The reporter added anotherment, stirring everyone’s memory.

    Ives’ face turned from dark to blue, his anger making him clench his fists unnoticed.

    Meanwhile, in the underground parking lot, Evadne sat in her sports car, watching the live broadcast on her phone, a smile ying on her red l*ps. No one would have guessed that the well-prepared reporter was her nt.

    “In the two years since Ives took over as CEO, he’s been embezzlingpany funds, doing as he pleases, and the group has had issues frequently. Their fortune is almost squandered away.” As he spoke, Jason let out a contemptuousugh, “I didn’t expect him to have the guts to tantly lie in a press conference. Does he think no one has dirt on him?”

    “He believes he’s holding the trump card. That’s why he dares to spout nonsense.” Evadne squinted slyly, extracting a piece of chocte from Jason’s suit pocket, tearing open the wrapper and popping a piece into her mouth. “Just watch. Once we push him a bit more, he’ll bring out his big guns. That’s when our opportunity wille.”

###Chapter 32

    After finishing her chocte, Evadne mischievously stuffed the other half into Jason’s front pocket, her hand patting his chest. “Hmm? Nice b*dy you’ve got there.”

    Jason’s heart raced, his cheeks blushed, and he felt incredibly shy. He was four years older than Evadne. Because his father was once a minister of the K Group’s Legal Department and was highly regarded by Emeric, he often visited the Ashbourne family since he was a boy. He still remembered the first time he saw Evadne in the backyard of Silveke Harbor. From afar, he saw a beautiful girl in dress, gracefully approaching him.

    He rubbed his eyes, thinking he was seeing things, but the beauty was already in front of him. She was dressed in a in ethnic outfit, beautiful as a fairy.

    “Hi! Do you have any candy?” Evadne got off her skateboard, stepped on it and it came to her hand.

    “Huh?” Jason felt a bit flustered.

    “If you don’t, never mind.” Evadne sighed in disappointment, put down her skateboard ready to leave, but Jason grabbed her arm. Her arm was delicate, barely a handful.

    “Wait.” Jason pursed his l*ps, took out a piece of chocte from his pocket and held it out to her, “Will this do?”

    “Wow! Thank you!” Evadneughed happily, took the chocte, tore open the wrapper, and took a big bite. Her eyes narrowed with satisfaction.

    Since then, every time Jason went to the Ashbourne family, he would bring choctes or candies, like a walking snack truck. Until today, as long as Evadne wanted sweets, as long as he was there, she would have them.

    The press conference was tense. The pressure on Ives was not small. He stared hard at the journalist and shouted, “I’m saying it for thest time. Our Stirling group’s products have no quality issues. I guarantee it with my character.”

    “So if it’s not quality issues, why did K Orld Hotel suddenly order the removal of all your products?

    Mr. Ives, if you can’t give the public a reasonable exnation, I’m afraid everyone will find it hard to ept.” The reporter’s gazes were sharp and relentless.

    The live chat was buzzing, like a noisy market.

    “Guaranteeing with character? How big of a bet is that? Suddenly I’m feeling like Mr. Ives might be telling the truth?”

    “Maybe his character is worth a penny, not even a beggar would want it.”

    “Regardless of whether there’s a problem or not, I’m returning my goods. This Mr. Ives looks too slimy and disgusting. They couldn’t find someone more likable to speak?”

    Ives suddenly said, “You want an exnation, right? Fine, I’ll give you one.”

    His eyes suddenly turned cold, “I do need to reflect on the situation today, as it was indeed my oversight. After all, the Stirling group’s Vintage Elegance has hundreds of stores nationwide, I can’t check each one. We did have some people in our Stirling group who harmed the group’s interests for personal gain. We immediately dealt with the people involved and tried all possible remedies. However, you know what they say, it takes two to tango. Would things have turned out like this if the K Group hadn’t colluded with them? Now the K Group wants to shift all the me onto us, isn’t that too much?”

    At this, everyone was shocked.

    “Ives is so shameless, biting back at the K Group. This is too much.” Gordon looked at Ives’ shameless expression and started to feel indignant.

    Ives ordered, “Show the evidence I’ve collected.”

    Immediately, photos and bank transaction details appeared on the big screen.

    “These are photos of Elmsworth K Orld Hotel’s Deputy Prime Minister Keith’s private contact with Vintage Elegance’s general manager, and evidence of Keith epting high kickbacks and bribes. All of this has nothing to do with us the Stirling group. It was K Orld Hotel’s Keith, who, for his personal gain, colluded with my staff behind the scenes, and purchased cheap products, which led to the situation today.

    “We the Stirling group are also victims. The K Group protects itself while dragging us into trouble. Can bigpanies just bully people like this? We will use legal means to protect our rights.”

    Ives got more and more excited, his face glowing red, and he almost believed his own words. He chuckled to himself. The new girl from the Ashbourne family probably never imagined he had this up his sleeve, did she?

    Keith was his scapegoat all along, so from the moment they started contacting each other, he kept evidence, waiting for the crucial moment to turn the tables.

    Gordon clenched his fist, “Da mn, now the onlinements are starting to criticize the Ashbourne group again, saying they’re being

    13:31

    imperialistic, not giving small and medium-sized enterprises a chance to survive.”

    However, just when Ives was gloating, the banquet hall’s sound system suddenly made a sharp noise. Then the recordings of two men’s conversations suddenly came out.

    “Mr. Ives, if it wasn’t for helping you make money, why would I rece high-end mattresses with cheap ones? As a result, that new girl from the Ashbourne family found out. Now I’ve lost my job, and I have no ce in Elmsworth anymore. You can’t just watch me fall.”

    “Don’t say it’s for my sake, you’ve also gained a lot, haven’t you? With the kickbacks you received plus what I gave you, even if you don’t work for the rest of your life, you won’t starve, will you?”

    “Mr. Ives. This isn’t what you promised. You said you would protect me.”

    “I am protecting you, haven’t I? I haven’t let your name sl*p even after this all came out. Keith, just stay put and mind your own business. If you dare to spew nonsense. I’ll make sure you’ll regret it.”

    One of the voices was Keith. The other, unmistakably, was Ives.

    All the reporters’ faces paled. Ives was leaning against the edge of the table, sweating profusely, barely able to stand upright.

    “Who yed the recording? Change it. Turn it off!”

    The sound was turned off, but on the big screen, pictures appeared, all of which were photos of Keith and Ives in and out of nightclubs.

    Photos, recordings, the evidence was irrefutable.

    shlights flying all over, Ives was red-faced and shouting, “These are all fake. The person in the recording is not me. Someone is trying to frame me.”

    Just then, a loud noise.

    The doors to the banquet hall swung open, and two rows of men in suits, wearing red badges on their chests, stormed in and lined up. The sound of leather shoes echoed as a tall man walked into everyone’s view, attracting all attention.

    Amold, with a stem expression, led the two rows of investigators, marching towards Ives.

    “Ives, the president of the Stirling group, we now have solid evidence that the K Group has formally charged you with abuse of power, bribery, and other crimes. Take him away!”

    “You’re talking nonsense. I didn’t do it. I didn’t.”

    Two investigators stepped forward, grabbed Ives who was struggling like a madman, and dragged him out.

    All cameras were pointed at him, and the whole inte saw this dramatic scene. The situation suddenly reversed, and public opinion was in

    an uproar.

    A shocking tum of events. This press conference was even more exciting than a TV drama.

    Turned out that the K Group was the victim. This Ives was shameless, ying the victim to catch the victim, causing the Ashbourne Group to be ndered for no reason. This Ives had no moral integrity. It was disgusting.

    “What a show! Who released these evidences? Perfect timing!” Gordon pped excitedly, “Now the Stirling Group can’t cause trouble

    anymore.”

    On the other side, Thaddeus lightly pursed his l*ps, looking indifferent. “This was a scheme.”

    *Huh?!*

    *The Ashbourne Group calcted that Ives would shift all the me onto Keith, so they got that reporter to ask sharp questions, pushing him to use Keith as a shield, then they released the evidence of the two of them, delivering a fatal blow.”

    “You mean… that reporter was arranged by the Ashbourne Group?!” Gordon was shocked.

    “Very likely, including this prosecutor, probably also arranged by the Ashbourne Group.” Thaddeus’s expression was as cold as the bottomlesske, watching Acacia’s brother being arrested, but his face showed no emotion.

    Initially, when Ives hadn’t used the Ashbourne Group, he didn’t think it was necessary to make things so ugly. But when that guy started spouting nonsense, turning things upside down, Thaddeus lost all sympathy for the Stirling Group.

    Ives was taken away, the investigators packed up and prepared to leave. The camera focused on Arnold’s righteous face, and the live chat room erupted again.

    “Wow! This prosecutor is so handsome! He’s a g od!”

    ‘He’s so handsome and he chose to uphold thew and justice instead of being a celebrity, I’m totally in love!”

    Thaddeus suddenly looked grim, leaning forward, staring intently at Arnold on the screen. It was him?!

    The guy from the,bar, and the hospital, it was this man!

    He was close with na, and he looked a lot like Cas sius. Who the hell was he?

    212

    13:31

    Thaddeus captured the screen content, and input Arnold’s photo into his developed facial recognition system for high-precision scanning and searching.

    About ten minutester, the search results came out.

    “A prosecutor from the people’s procuratorate of Elmsworth, Arnold.”

###Chapter 33

    This pic popped up on the official court’s website, and it was an old one from three years ago. In the pic, Arnold was rocking his robe, standing in the courtroom, oozing confidence, and power.

    The software that Thaddeus developed, man, as long as you’d got a clear face, no matter who you were looking for, you could scan the photo. in, and in just a few minutes, it would dig up any rted info from the photo databases all over the world. It was way more precise than your typical search engine.

    But searching for Arnold? That took a whole ten minutes, which meant the guy didn’t exactly make a habit of putting his face out there. No selfies, no social media. Nada.

    He was just a prosecutor, so what was with all the mystery?

    “Cas sius… Arnold…” Thaddeus mulled it over for a bit, then it hit him. His eyes went wide. “Could it be…” His eyes narrowed, he looked grim, throat tight, struggling for breath.

    “na, you’re all over the ce, open to everyone. You jumped into Cas sius’ arms the minute you left me, and even got tangled up with another young man from the Ashbourne family!”

    Suddenly, the sound of a sports car engine roared from behind him. Thaddeus snapped back to reality and looked out the window.

    A ck sports car zoomed past him, like a whirlwind in the night. That was na’s car! Why the hell would she show up here out of the blue? There had got to be more to this!

    The pit of Thaddeus’ stomach felt like it was on fire. He punched the car window.

    “Follow that car!”

    The entrance of the hotel was swamped with the press. The investigators had a hell of a time getting a disgraced Ives into the car. The press conference was a total sh it show.

    Arnold didn’t hop in the car. Instead, he headed to the back door, patiently waiting for his sister. A few minutester, the ck sports car pulled up, stopping right in front of Arnold.

    Jason rolled down the window, greeting him politely, “Hello.”

    “Hello, Jason.” Arnold leaned over to take a look at thenguid Evadne in the pa**enger seat, a fond smile on his face. He reached out and pinched her soft cheek. “Looks like Jason’s been taking good care of you. You’ve put on a little weight on your face.”

    “No, I haven’t!” Evadne pouted grumpily.

    “You totally have. You’re all chubby, and it makes you even cuter, haha!”

    The first thing Arnold did when he saw her was call her fat. No wonder the guy was still single!

    Thaddeus was lurking in the shadows, watching all this unfold. His handsome face was grim, fingers clenched into a fist.

    Gordon was nervously checking the rearview mirror. He was scared shi tless. He thought to himself, it was only natural for a woman as outstanding and beautiful as Ms. na to have men falling all over her. Only their boss would fail to see that. What an idiot.

    “So, am I looking sharp today or what?” Arnold raised an eyebrow, showing off to his sister with a smug grin.

    “You’re looking dashing. You must’ve gained quite a few fans this time. Lots of girls have been searching for your info online. You’re trending.”

    Evadne crossed her arms, leaning against the car window, looking up at Arnold. She radiated youthful energy.

    Thaddeus kept his eyes on his ex-wife, feeling a stir of emotions. For reasons he couldn’t exin, he wished he were in Arnold’s ce right now. He wished he could share a moment with her. He wanted to see the carefree look in her eyes. She’d never smiled at him like that.

    “Ha, what’s the point of being worshipped by the world? I just want you to worship me. That’s enough,” Arnold scoffed.

    “Ugh, you’re so cringey, Arnold. You’re not cut out for the role of the romantic. ying the fool suits you better, haha!”

    The siblings shared a few jokes before getting back to business.

    “But I’m going to need your help moving forward.” Evadne furrowed her brows. “We need to make sure we punish the person who ndered our Ashbourne group.”

    “Don’t worry, he’ll get what’sing to him. At least three years in jail! I won’t give him a chance to have his sentence reduced, and there’s no way in hell he’s getting bail!”

    Arnold looked at her with admiration. “But all of this is thanks to you. Your n was spot on, Ives fell right into your trap. He couldn’t have been more cooperative. If only all the bad guys were this stu pid, It would make our jobs a hell of a lot easier.”

    True, Ives was such an idiot it was pitiful. But the key to sessfully prosecuting him was that Keith finally agreed to testify and expose the illicit money-making activities Ives had been carrying out in the hotel over the past two years.

    Justst night, Evadne secretly met with Keith, who was drowning his sorrows in a small bar, and Informed him of the press conference the next day. She told him that Ives might betray him to save his own skin.

    But Keith said, “No way! You… You’re not going to use me like this and make me testify. I’m not that stu pid!”

    Evadne advised him, “If you’re still this stubborn, then you really are an idiot.”

    So, Evadne and Keith made a dealst night. Evadne said, “I’ll be honest, I’ve got evidence of your secret dealings with Ives. I haven’t given it to the police yet because I wanted to give you, who once served under my father, onest chance.”

    Keith reflected on his journey over the past twenty years, from being the manager of a banquet hall to climbing up the ranks to deputy manager. None of it would’ve been possible without Chairman Emeric’s support and trust. But once he had power, he lost himself, and in the end, he got what wasing to him. He felt regret and guilt.

    “If Ives doesn’t betray you at the press conference tomorrow, I’ll hand this evidence over to the police myself. Everything will be handled as per the rules. If he does betray you to save himself, like I predicted, then you can expose all his crimes to the police. Admit your mistake, and I’ll hire the bestwyer to defend you, to reduce your punishment as much as possible. It’s your choice.”

    Evadne managed to convince Keith to hand over the evidence and be a witness, striking a major blow to the Stirling Group. She knew that even when she had the upper hand, she shouldn’t oppress others too much, or it could backfire.

    Arnold hit the road back to the prosecutor’s office to keep the grind going, while Evadne had to clock in at the hotel for her shift. The siblings parted ways for the time being.

    On the move, Jason, sharp as a hawk, clocked a Maybach in the rear-view mirror, tailing them. “We’ve got a shadow! Should we call the police?”

    Evadne nonchntly nced at the rear-view mirror, her heart ski pping a beat. That was Thaddeus’ ride. Clearly, he was also at the press conference, just keeping a low profile. Seemed like, the man did give a da mn about his fiancée’s family.

    Evadne scoffed, “Forget the hotel, let’s go for a spin in Evergreen Meadows.”

    “But the guy tailing us…” Jason was still a bundle of nerves.

    “Don’t sweat it. I’ve got your back.” Evadne shed a grin, calm yetmanding.

    Jason gawked at her in disbelief.

    The ck sports car weaved through the traffic, with Gordon in hot pursuit. He swore he hadn’t been this on edge since his job interview at the Abernathy Group.

    Thaddeus kept his eyes glued on na’s car, curious about the man in the pa**enger seat. The guy’s driving skills obviously couldn’t hold a candle to hers, otherwise, they would’ve lost them by now.

    He caught a glimpse of na’s flowing hair in the wind, like ink bleeding on paper. Thaddeus’ eyes softened a tad. She could be so carefree, so happy-go-lucky. Just like the zing sunset in front of him, searing into his eyes, causing a pang in his heart.

    Finally, the ck sports car pulled over at Evergreen Meadows. Evadne got out of the car, leaned against the rail, and reveled in the breeze. Thaddeus emerged from his car, his figure a silhouette of strength against the setting sun. He looked at na in the wind, her red dress adding a touch of elegance. She was like a vibrant oil painting.

    Thaddeus clenched his jaw. He couldn’t help but close the distance between them. But when he was just a step away, she took a step back, maintaining a safe distance.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you tailed me all the way from the press conference, what’s the game n?” Evadne asked with a smile.

    “na,” Thaddeus uttered her name, his face a mask of fury. His eyes unintentionallynded on her left arm. Seemed like, her injury had healed up.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, did you bring along your birth certificate today? Let’s get the divorce sorted. Even though it’ste, I can pull some strings with President Ashbourne to expedite it for us,” Evadne mocked.

    The word Divorce was a joke to him.

    “na, are you getting a kick out of this?” Thaddeus’ eyes darkened, and he took a step closer to her.

    “What?” She furrowed her brows.

    “ying the Ashbourne brothers like a fiddle and using them to corner the Stirling Group. na, I’ve seriously underestimated you!”

###Chapter 34

    Evadne’s pupils contracted fiercely, her chest felt tight with tension.

    She locked eyes with Thaddeus. Her usually beautiful eyes were now burning with fury, enough to have made anyone’s heart s kip a beat. It was intense enough that Thaddeus could hardly look away.

    After a while, Evadneughed, her gaze icy as if they’d never met. “So, Mr. Thaddeus, you’re here to vent for your Acacia, huh? You’re so pis sed off. Are you nning to unload it on me, or are you gonna blow up?

    “Thaddeus, you’ve crossed the line. Three years of love, I don’t expect you to remember the good times, but you shouldn’t belittle me with such insulting words. Besides, I’m not your wife anymore. No, you never actually made me your wife. I was like a stray cat, waiting for you to take me home. I had high hopes, but all I got in return was your cold rejection.

    “Am I supposed to endure your heartless tram pling? No way!

    “Unfortunately for you, even though you’ve got the upper hand, you might not be able to solve the predicament the Stirling Group is in. Because of Ives’ crimes, including infringing the K Group’s interests, bribery, forgery, and defamation, there’s concrete evidence. Saving him is a lost cause.”

    Evadne’s gaze sharpened, but her smile was enchanting. “You can’t turn the situation around, so you can mess with my personal life, and continue mocking and humiliating me. And I’m not gonna y by your rules. I fight for what I want and let go, without hesitation, of what I don’t.

    “I don’t care what others think of me, even you. I want the Stirling Group to go bankrupt, to pay for their actions, and I’ll stop at nothing. No one can stop me!”

    Thaddeus tensed under his suit, his veins bulging. With someone by her side, she was standing tall and speaking boldly! He knew she was wrong but didn’t know how to refute.

    He was angry not because she used the Ashbourne group brothers to punish the Stirling Group. It was seeing herughing with Arnold, and her smile blooming like a flower, that set his mind spinning.

    “You shameless!” Thaddeus’ breath hitched, and he spat out the words.

    Evadneughed carelessly, a sting to his eyes. “Even if I am shameless, what’s it to you? I’m free to do what I want, and you have no right to me me.” There was no need for further conversation, so she coldly turned to leave.

    Unexpectedly, Thaddeus grabbed her just-healed arm unwillingly, his grip startlingly strong.

    *Ouch…let me go!” Evadne winced in pain but didn’t dare struggle, afraid of tearing the wound.

    “na, you know what role I y in your heart.” Thaddeus’ voice was h oa se, his eyes filled with intense probing. It was as if they were gamblers at a casino, his desire to win making him think hard, and trying to see through her cards.

    Evadneughed in anger. “What else could you be, a good-for-nothing ex-husband!”

    *na!” Thaddeus’ eyes filled with rage.

    *Thaddeus! Let go of me!”

    Suddenly, a tall figure appeared in front of Evadne, forcefully pushing Thaddeus away, and shielding her behind him.

    “Jason, I’m fine, he was just talking to me,” Evadne rea**ured Jason, showing no fear.

    “Talk? He was touching your injured arm! You wereining about the difort the night before, isn’t this all his fault?” Jason red at Thaddeus, radiating a dangerous aura.

    Thaddeus’ heart jolted, and his fingers that had just touched her curled up.

    Evadne watched Jason, whose face was red with anger, feeling somewhat helpless. She didn’t feel the need to say this in front of Thaddeus.

    “You’re, Cas sius’ secretary?” Thaddeus recognized Jason at a nce, his face darkened.

    “Yes, but now I’m her…” Evadne tugged at him hard, her eyes signaling him to shut up. Jason immediately caught on and held his tongue.

    “Cas sius gave you his most trusted secretary. He’s really good to you.”

    Thaddeus hid hisplicated emotions. His face was cold as stone, and he sneered, “Congrattions, marrying into a wealthy family again. I was fooled by you before, now it’s Cas sius’ turn. I wish you luck in keeping him in the dark.”

    His every word was like a sharp sword, piercing Evadne’s heart, then twisting it with force. Jason Immediately noticed that Evadne’s breathing was unsteady, her shoulders trembling slightly. But he was more confused about Thaddeus’ words. What was he talking about?

    “Jason, let me reintroduce you.” Evadne took a deep breath, hiding all her pain, and smiled, “This is Mr. Thaddeus of the Abernathy Group, my ex-husband.”

    “What…” Jason was thunderstruck, his face pale. Evadne had been missing for three years. So she was married to Thaddeus?! They kept it a secret from the world, from the Ashbourne group, and she became Thaddeus’ wife?!

    Why?!

    “But we’re divorced now, I left with nothing, and have no connection with the Abernathy Group. We’ll be strangers the next time we meet.”

    “We’re not officially divorced yet! Grandpa’s birthday…”

    “Enough! Stop using Grandpa as an excuse!” Evadne suddenly exploded, and her eyes were red with anger. “Isn’t it because Grandpa asked us to maintain our marriage until his birthday that you dare to humiliate me like this? Isn’t it because I care about Grandpa?!”

    Thaddeus shuddered as if his ex-wife’s sharp words had bitten him hard, the pain left him breathless. When had na ever been this pis sed off? In his memory, she never lost her temper. She was like a cotton puff. No matter how hard you hit, it wouldn’t trigger her emotions.

    But this time, her face was full of anger, and her eyes were full of hatred.

    “Our rtionship was barely hanging on. It was you who ended our love. It was you who cheated during our marriage, but did I ever me you? How dare you make me suffer the pain of losing a partner and still expect me to stay faithful? Do you want me to stay single all my life? How could you be so selfish!”

    Selfish? Thaddeus felt a pang in his chest. He didn’t even know he was slowly losing control of his actions. He didn’t understand why he was so obsessed with her.

    “Besides, I’ve always kept my word, I promised to keep our divorce secret until Grandpa’s birthday. It was you who screwed up and let Acacia spill the beans.” Evadne gave a bitter smile and pulled at the corners of her mouth. Her expectations for Thaddeus vanished. “Now you’re ming me. I can understand because you can only me me. You can’t possibly me Acacia, right?”

    Thaddeus was stiff all over as if he had been frozen by the wind. He watched helplessly as Jason helped his ex-wife leave. His cheeks were burning as if he had been pped countless times.

    Thaddeus clenched his fist in the air. He was the one who gave her up first. Why did he feel like he was the one who was dumped? His throat was filled with bitterness, it felt like his heart had been pierced…

###Chapter 35

    Evadne lost interest in going to the hotel and decided to head home instead.

    After a long silence, Jason finally couldn’t hold back his curiosity, “Ms. Evadne, does Thaddeus know that you’re the princess of the Ashbourne family?”

    “Yes,” Evadne replied quietly, her face nk.

    Jason came to a sudden realization. No wonder she had sent a substitute to meet Thaddeus thest time he visited. It all made sense now.

    “Jason, I didn’t mean to hide it from you…”

    “I understand.”

    Evadne looked at him in surprise.

    “Who wants to talk about their heartbreak? Naturally, everyone wants to bury it deep in their heart. I’m just worried about you, worried that Chairman Emeric would be hurt and upset if he knew about this.” Jason’s hand was tightly gripping the steering wheel, his eyes glistening with tears.

    This was the princess their family dearly loved, and she was being treated so poorly by that jerk Thaddeus. If Chairman Emeric found out about this, he would probably be furious.

    “The longer it’s kept a secret, the better. I’ve been through a failed marriage, and now I just want to live alone. I don’t want to get married again.”

    Evadne closed her eyes. Thaddeus’ hurtful words were flooding her mind. Sheughed lightly. “How boring.”

    “If you’re not getting married, then I won’t either,” Jason stated seriously.

    “No, no, no… get married when you want to. You’re my secretary, not a monk. Don’t let people think that working for me means staying single; that would ruin my reputation.” Evadne quickly waved him off.

    Jason chuckled awkwardly, his heart heavy with sadness. He knew he wasn’t worthy. But he was willing to silently guard the light in his heart. “Ms. Evadne, why… why did you marry Thaddeus?”

    Evadne’s eyes were half-closed, and her expression was calm but filled withplex emotions.

    ‘I’ve overstepped. I won’t ask anymore.”

    “When I was eleven, I participated in a mountaineering activity organized by my school. I lost a sapphire pendant, a keepsake from my mother, on the mountain.

    “Despite the teacher’s warnings, I went up the mountain alone to find the pendant. I walked the same path over and over again, but I couldn’t find it. I ended up getting lost and was caught in a severe hurricane. I was trapped in the deep mountains with no cell signal. I nearly lost my life.

    “At that time, Thaddeus was working as a forest ranger in a national park. He braved the harsh weather, led a team up the mountain to find me, and finally found me behind a huge rock. I was almost frozen…”

    Evadne gently recounted the unforgettable experience.

    “When I opened my eyes, I saw Thaddeus in his mountaineering gear. His handsome face was wet, and his beautiful eyes shimmered with light, even more beautiful than the starry sky. I was truly captivated by him…”

    –“Thank goodness, you’re okay! Don’t be scared, I’ll take you down the mountain!”

    That encounter made Evadne deeply attached to Thaddeus, an attachment she couldn’t forget.

    “On our way home, he carried me on his back the whole time. He was afraid that I would fall asleep, so he kept telling me some funny jokes, even though his jokes weren’t very funny,” Evadne recalled calmly, a small smile ying on her l*ps.

    –“Little girl, what’s your name?”

    –“Won’t tell me? Then I’ll call you na. You’ve got such a small b*dy, small mouth, and small nose…”

    –“I-I’m not small! I grow faster than other girls!”

    –“Little girl, you just need to tell me this. Don’t tell other boys.”

    –“Why?”

    –“I’m afraid some bad boys will take advantage of you, silly,”

    Evadne’s breathing became slightly erratic, her heart pounding. Thaddeus was only seventeen that year. He wasn’t as tall and sturdy as he was now, but he gave her an irreceable sense of security. Later, they almost fell off a cliff. But Thaddeus protected her in his arms, risking his own life for hers. Then, Thaddeus disappeared from her life for three years. The next time she saw him was on TV; he was attending a charity event with the Abernathy family.

    Since then, Evadne embarked on her journey of “seeking the light”. When she heard that he had gone to the battlefield, she decided to be a member of Doctors Without Borders, just to be able to fight alongside him in a ce he couldn’t see.

    The pain of the past changed into the despair of the present; she couldn’t love anymore. Evadne gave a bitter smile. So even a thirteen-year infatuation could fade.

    Jason quietly listened to her story, feeling shocked and regretful.

    “But Jason, I can’t bring myself to hate him.” Evadne reached out her hand, feeling the wind sl*p through her fingers, just like the love she couldn’t grasp.

    “Everything I did for Thaddeus was voluntary. I have no regrets about what I did. I’m thankful for our encounter. I don’t think there’s any debt between us.”

    Thaddeus was in a daze on his way back to Windermere Estate. His head was buzzing like it was filled with a thousand flies. He felt a suffocating pressure on his chest, making it hard for him to breathe. Evadne’s final look of disappointment and anger kept shing before his eyes as if they were enemies.

    Why did he feel such an emptiness in his heart? It was as if he had lost something very important.

    As soon as Thaddeus walked into his study, Alva followed him in, looking a bit unhappy.

    “Sir, Ms. Acacia’s car has arrived downstairs. You should go greet her.”

    “I’m not going.”

    Alva was taken aback. What on earth was going on with him?

    “I know why she’s here.”

    Thaddeus slumped on the sofa, his eyes slightly vacant. “Go tell her, if she’s here for Ives, she doesn’t need to bother. The Stirling family must be in chaos right now. She should go back and spend more time with her parents. I’ll see her in a few days.”

    *If she insists on not leaving…”

    “Whatever, let her be.” Thaddeus took a deep breath, rubbing his aching temples.

    The phrase “good for nothing ex-husband” kept echoing in his mind. Da mn it! How did he be good for nothing?

    How would she know he was useless?

    Alva chuckled in reply, secretly admiring Thaddeus in her heart, quickly leaving the study.

    Thaddeus furrowed his brows. It seems Alva truly despised Acacia from the bottom of her heart. As if it was Christmas, she was thrilled at the thought of kicking someone out.

    Alva arrived outside the vi, standing on the steps, quietly watching the anxious Acacia.

    ‘Thaddeus said he’s done dealing with you. Stop waiting, go home.”

    ‘I want to see Thad!”

    Acacia tried to force her way in. But she was no match for the sturdy Alva. With just a slight push from Alva, she ended up sitting on the ground.

    “What! You…you pushed me! I’m Thad’s fiancée! I’m his future wife! I’ll be your boss! How dare you disrespect me?!” Acacia sat on the ground in shame and anger, pointing at Alva. “I’m gonna tell Thad you bullied me! I’ll get you fired!”

    “Futuredy of the house, why not wait until you’re actually Thaddeus’ wife to unt it. Plus, even if you do marry Thaddeus, I’ll never acknowledge you. In my heart, there’s only one Mrs. Thaddeus, and that’s Ms. na. Even though they’re separated now, she’s still the only one I ept. Everyone else? Please step aside.”

    “You!” Acacia was so angry her face changed color.

    “Ms. Acacia, if you want to sue me, go right ahead. If you can actually get me fired, I’d thank you. I was thinking about retiring anyway. It would be a perfect chance.”

    Alva really hoped Thaddeus could see Acacia in her true colors. Was this the gentle, harmless Ms. Acacia from before?

    “Thad! You have to help me! You can’t ignore me!” Acacia gave up arguing with Alva and started crying on the ground. This scene was like a criminal begging for mercy.

    Thaddeus didn’t respond, and Acacia started calling for others.

    *Help me!”

    “Stop yelling, Mr. Frederic and his wife took the girls to have dinner with Mr. Hamilton, they haven’t returned.”

    “Then I’ll wait here until Thad sees me!”

    Alva nced at the cloudy sky, “Looks like it’s gonna rain. I gotta go get theundry. You can keep yelling.” Having said that, Alva left her outside the vi and specifically told the ser vants not to let Acacia in under any circumstances.

    After shouting for a long while, Acacia was h oar se, but Thaddeus was still nowhere in sight.

    Her face turned pale, her heart anxious. She felt that Thaddeus had changed and be more elusive. In the past, no matter how busy he was, he would drop everything to see her; whenever she cried, he would do anything to cheer her up. He bought her luxury cars and jewelry. He never hesitated to spend money just to make her happy. But now, why was it so difficult to even see him?

    Before long, the cloudy sky started pouring, and the rain kept getting heavier.

    Acacia decided to take extreme measures. She deliberately didn’t take shelter but chose to kneel outside. She was soaked to the bone, shivering, looking miserable. “Thad…… let me see you……”

    “Only a fool would fall for such a low trick!” Alva, who was watching this scene, remarked sarcastically.

    Suddenly, she heard footsteps behind her. Turning around, she saw Thaddeus with a furrowed brow, heading towards the entrance.

###Chapter 36

    Alva was secretly surprised. No way, no way! Couldn’t Mr. Thaddeus see through this woman pretending to be weak?

    Didn’t that make him a dummy—

    At this moment, Thaddeus had picked up a ck umbre and emotionlessly opened the door.

    “Mr. Thaddeus!” Alva called out anxiously. But the man still walked out with his umbre, making her so angry she wished she could knock some sense into him. She stomped her foot in frustration.

    Outside, Acacia was slumped in the rain, on the verge of giving up. But the moment she saw that godlike figure approaching her, she became uncontrobly excited. So, she turned on her charm, sobbing pitifully.

    Thaddeus frowned, walked quickly to her, holding the umbre over her with one hand, and hoisted Acacia up from the ground with the other. He was firm, not allowing her any room for maniption, even showing a bit of force.

    “Thad.” Acacia spoke softly, throwing herself into his arms. Just moments before, she was at death’s door, but now, seeing the man, she perked up. Her arms wrapped around his waist like a snake, her wet face rubbing against his chest.

    Thaddeus felt a bit annoyed, his voice low. “Your health is already weak. You’ll get sick if you stay in the rain.”

    “Would you havee to see me if I didn’t do this. Thad? I just wanted to see you… Why won’t you see me?”

    Tears streamed down Acacia’s face, her gaze frantic. “Thad… have you stopped loving me? You’ve been so cold to me recently… is it because of that suit incident? I know I was wrong. I’ll apologize to na, I’ll beg for her forgiveness, okay?”

    “No need, I’m not mad anymore.” Thaddeus said coldly, “You’ve seen me now, so you can be at ease. Acacia, go home and be with your family. Once things settle down, I’lle to see you.”

    ‘Thad! Please… can you help my brother?!” Acacia turned desperate at his words, her face flushed. She couldn’t even keep up herdylike facade. She clung tighter to Thaddeus’ muscr b*dy, sliding down a little.

    “My brother is about to be sentenced! All thewyers in Elmsworth are afraid of the power of the Ashbourne group. No matter how much money we offer, no one dares to defend my brother! The Ashbourne group is too overbearing, they n to force us into a corner! Thad… please help us… My family is about to go bankrupt. If my brother bes a prisoner, my family will be finished! Please…”

    Thaddeus’ expression was calm, his posture unwavering. If he was said to be heartless, his love for Acacia was indeed steadfast. A promise made in his youth, he kept till he was thirty. Despite hurting another woman who loved him deeply, despite others saying he disrespected his elders, he still wanted to marry her.

    But if he was said to be softhearted, he was also fair and just. When the Stirlingsmitted a crime, he didn’t let it slide. His attitude was as chilling as Satan’s.

    At this moment, Thaddeus recalled the harsh words he had said when dealing with the Stirling Group and Evadne. He remembered using the Stirling Group’s situation to mock na. He was filled with regret, and his tone grew even harsher. “Evadne is innocent. Your brother brought this trouble on himself. I once suggested he turn himself in, to lessen the punishment, this is the right way. As for the Stirling Group, it really needs to do some internal restructuring. An ipetent leader will drag the entire team down even if I give you more money. If you don’t address the problem within, it will eventually be beyond redemption.”

    Acacia’s l*ps trembled. She was stunned. She thought that if she cried and pleaded with Thaddeus, he would, like in the past, soften and meet all her demands. But this time, she was wrong. Thaddeus’ previous tolerance towards her was because she hadn’t crossed his line. But once that line was crossed, even if she was the one he deeply loved, he wouldn’t go easy.

    In the end, Thaddeus personally pushed the crying Acacia into the car, ordering the driver to lock the door. Only when he saw her leave did his brows slightly ease.

    He stood in the rain with his ck umbre for a long time. Thinking of na’s disappointed eyes, a dull ache spread through his heart. This feeling was unavoidable.

    With Ives arrested, the Stirling family mansion was eerily quiet.

    Acacia’s parents saw their daughter return covered in mud, her face ashen like a ghost. They didn’t ask why she was in such a state but anxiously asked if Thaddeus would help. They even hoped he could find a goodwyer. But all Acacia did was shake her head sadly.

    “Useless! Mr. Stirling coughed painfully, angrily pointing at her. “Since you got together with Thaddeus, have you ever helped the family?! You’ve been with him for so long but haven’t gained any of his a**ets. You’ve not even set foot in the Abernathy family’s door! I think Thaddeus doesn’t love you at all. What a waste of a daughter! What use are you?!”

    Acacia’s eyes reddened. Mr. Stirling had always disliked his daughter. When he found out his wife was pregnant with a girl, he even pressured Una to have an abortion. The only reason Acacia was born was because the doctor warned that if she had an abortion, her chances of getting pregnant again would be almost zero. Una refused the abortion, hence Acacia was born. However, after giving birth to Acacia, her mother couldn’t conceive again, which deepened her father’s dislike for her.

    She lived in her brother’s shadow since she was a child. To be noticed, she clung to her aunt, losing her childlike innocence, and learning to y power games, all to carve out a good path for herself. She hoped to make her father see her in a new light, to be a heroine among women.

    Thaddeus was her first target when she was eight. She wasn’t initially all for this ba stard, favoring more the rightful heir, the oldest son of the Abernathy family. Her aunt advised Acacia to use Thaddeus as practice her skills. Even if she didn’t like Thaddeus, having a rich kid willingly be her sidekick was kind of cool.

    And so, her aunt gave her the opportunity to not only be Thaddeus’ lifesaver but also a beacon of hope in his gloomy life, making him obsess over her. She had repeatedly helped the Stirling Group several times, but in the end, Mr. Stirling still saw her as a tool for wooing the influential. If she made a mistake, she’d be belittled. Acacia was so pis sed she wanted to swear a blue streak. She felt a chill in her heart and wanted to scoff. She didn’t want to help Ives at all. That worthless drunk could rot in jail for all she cared. Then the Stirling Group would be hers, even if it was just an empty shell!

    “Enough, stop ming her! If Thaddeus won’t help, what’s Acacía supposed to do?!”

    Una quickly rushed to hug her daughter, ring at Mr. Stirling. “It’s all your fault! If you hadn’t spoiled Ives, making himwless, we wouldn’t be in this mess! The men in the Stirling family are all useless and only know how to bully women! You’re really something, huh!”

    Mr. Stirling was seething. Considering his wife’s older sister was actually Frederic’s wife, he dared not blow his top.

    “The priority now is to restore our image and secure Acacia and Thaddeus’ marriage ASAP.” Una thought about Thaddeus’ indifference towards her son, her eyes bing fierce. “If there’s no other way, we’ll force them to marry. Then the Abernathy family can’t abandon our Acacia!”

    “Mom! You, you forgot about me…” Acacia pointed at her belly in shock.

    Una remembered the stretch marks on her daughter’s belly hadn’tpletely faded and couldn’t help but feel annoyed.

    “Acacia, if there’s really no other way, use a tattoo to cover it. It’s the quickest solution.”

    12:10

    Acacia was very reluctant. Who would want to tattoo a bunch of messy patterns on her stomach? She always maintained a pristine image. But after severalser treatments. there were still traces. If the stretch marks hadn’t disappeared by her wedding, this was the only option!

    At this time, the ser vants were carrying items downstairs one by one.

    “Madam, everything’s ready.”

    “These are all my jewelry boxes! Mom, where are you taking them?!”

    “To sell.”

    “What?! That’s impossible! These are my treasures!”

    Acacia frantically ran over and sna tched the most valuable box. This was a token of love Thaddeus gave her, a ruby pendant called Ruby Enigma. Thaddeus had flown to France three times and stayed for half a month to find a famous jewelry designer to design this for her.

    She didn’t know the value of the pendant, but such arge ruby was extremely rare and must have been expensive. Thaddeus was always generous to her,

    *Thepany needs money right now. Your jewelrybined with my few valuable pieces could hold us over for a while. Besides, there’s a charity auction in half a month. and we must make an appearance to enhance the Stirling Group’s image and improve its negative impression!

    What’s more, the old man of the Abernathy family’s birthday ising up. We can buy something at the auction as a gift for Mr. Hamilton. Isn’t this beneficial for us?”

    Una’s expression was cold. She seemed unwilling to give up any opportunity, but her words were stillforting. “Acacia, once you marry Thaddeus, he’ll bring a lot of wealth to you. Don’t just look at the small amount of money in front of you, think long-term. You’ll be the wife of the CEO of the Abernathy Group. The future of the Stirling family can no longer rely on your brother, I can only rely on you now!”

    Acacia hesitated for a bit, but finally handed the box to Una, though it pained her to do so.

###Chapter 37

    the Stirling Group was facing a double whammy of product and trust issues.

    People were vowing to boycott the Stirling Group’s products left and right. Ives’ once pride and joy, with over 500 nationwide stores, had dwindled to a mere hundred within a week. Those that survived were barely holding on, resorting to drastic price cuts to avoid being stuck with their inventory, even if it meant selling at a loss.

    Seeing the ma**ive losses pile up day by day, the already frail Mr. Stirling finally sumbed. Una personally went to her sister for help. But Elspeth was too afraid to get involved again and could only watch from the sidelines.

    “Hamilton has issued a final warning. If anyone dares to help the Stirling Group, he will deal with them harshly. I’m living in someone else’s home, sis. I can’t even begin to describe the hardship,” Elspeth sighed deeply, taking her sister’s hand, and cing it in her own forfort. “Although the Abernathy Group can’t lend a hand, I’ve asked Frederic to find a suitable date for Acacia and Thaddeus’ wedding as soon as possible. How about the first weekend after Mr. Hamilton’s birthday?”

    “Wait till his 80th birthday?” Una asked anxiously. She could wait, but the Stirling Group couldn’t!

    “I wish Acacia could marry Thaddeus tomorrow. But Mr. Hamilton insists on waiting till his 80th birthday. There’s nothing I can do.”

    Elspeth lowered her voice. “I heard that after leaving Thaddeus, Ms. na started seeing the president of The K Group. She was whisked away by President Ashbourne the day she left The Abernathy Family. Many people in The Abernathy Family saw it.”

    Una had heard some of this from her son and was eaten up with jealousy. Her daughter for not having Ms. na’s cu nn ingness. She still hadn’tpletely won Thaddeus over, while Thaddeus’ ex-wife had already found a new wealthy partner.

    “Do you think The K Group’s attack on the Stirling Group had anything to do with something na said to President Ashbourne?” Elspeth asked, stirring the pot with a puzzled

    expression.

    A lightbulb turned on in Una’s head at her sister’s suggestion. She shot up from the couch, eyes aze with anger.

    “That bit ch! She ruined Acacia’s wedding, and now she’s trying to mess up our ns even though she’s already divorced from Mr. Thaddeus! Does she think she’s untouchable now that she’s got a rich new boyfriend?”

    “It’s hard for us to touch her.” Elspeth sighed, “After all, Ms. na is now President Ashbourne’s girlfriend. The Ashbourne family is high up there, out of everyone’s reach.”

    “Right, the Ashbourne family… Is she, an ordinary woman, even worthy of them?”

    Una was seething with jealousy, her eyes cold. But she suddenly had an idea. “Ms. na always puts on a sweet act in front of Mr. Hamilton, pretending to be in love with Mr. Thaddeus, presenting herself as meek and mild. But she’s already betrayed Thaddeus. She’s secretly with President Ashbourne. How else could she have a new rtionship so quickly! Wouldn’t it be great if we could expose her hypocrisy on Mr. Hamilton’s birthday, sis?”

    Elspeth gave a knowing smile and took a sip of her high-end English tea. “That’s a great idea, but it’s all your imagination. I didn’t say anything.”

    In the manager’s office of the K Orld Hotel.

    The screen was filled with blood, and screams echoed everywhere.

    Evadne, who was quick-witted and a fast reader, had finished reviewing all the documents and was now happily ying her favorite game. She loved defeating newbie yers. Just as she shed a game character, blood sttering all over the screen, Jason walked in and was so frightened that he quickly turned his head and shut his eyes. “Speak up if you have something to say or leave if you don’t.” Evadne’s fingers were dancing on the keyboard and mouse, making everyone marvel at her speed. “Ma’am, there are two interesting things to report.” Saying this, Jason covered the screen with one hand and quickly ced a set of documents in front of her with the other, then quickly withdrew.

    “Oh my… You’re such a scaredy-cat. How are you going to protect your girlfriend in the future? Next time I’ll take you to a horror escape room to bolster your courage!” With that, Evadne shed another character, causing another spatter of blood.

    “Awesome!”

    Jason could hardly keep a straight face.

    When the game finally ended with no survivors, she exited satisfied and picked up the documents. “Isn’t this the pawn record from our Ashbourne Pawnshop? Why was it brought out?”

    “These jewels and essories were pawned by Acacia’s mother at the Ashbourne Pawnshop.” Jason smirked, “You’re really smart. You had me keep an eye on The Stirling Family’s movements these past few days, and sure enough, I found something new.”

    Evadne smirked, clearly amused. “I saw thising. Without a move from the Abernathys the Stirling Group had no choice but to raise some cash.”

    “I thought they’d sell their house, but no, they just pawned some jewelry. Guess they’re still loaded enough to take the hit.”

    “They’re just burning theirst bit of cash to keep the group afloat. Better to go out with a bang than to slowly bleed out,” Jason sneered. “This is what the Stirling Group gets for ndering us!”

    Evadne didn’t say anything else; she just idly fl*pped through the pawn records. Not many people knew that the Ashbourne family owned tworge, reputable pawn shops in Crescentville and Skyrim,

    Since Emeric liked collecting precious antiques, he secretly opened these two pawn shops, hoping to get his hands on some unexpected treasures. With these two pawn shops, Emeric didn’t make much in recent years. After all, not many who stepped into a pawn shop could redeem their items.

    Suddenly, Evadne’s pupils dted, her fingers trembling slightly. Seeing Ruby Enigma on the list, she felt a mix of mockery and resentment. Her eyes were about to pop from

    anger.

    This was the token of love Thaddeus painstakingly gave to Acacia. She fell in love with it at first sight two years ago when she saw him gazing at the pendant under the light. She always dreamed that the n*e could be hers. She wanted a gift from Thaddeus, even if it wasn’t expensive, even a rock would make her happy.

    But dreams were just dreams.

    Thaddeus only gave gifts to those he loved. He didn’t love her, so she wasn’t even worthy of a rock. Now, Acacia had sold the man’s deep affection. Evadne wanted tough at this, but her eyes hid unspeakable sadness.

    “I wonder how Thaddeus would feel about this.”

    “What did you say?” Jason didn’t catch her words.

    “The Stirling family doesn’t know how to appreciate things. This n*e is priceless, and they only sold it for $700,000? We made a killing!” Evadne smirked, a mischievous

    look on her face.

    12:10

    Her phone rang then. It was her brother.

    “Brother!” Evadne’sughter faded, her voice sweet.

    “Cas sius, how have you been? Tired? Need my help with anything?” Cas sius’ voice was full of tenderness.

    “I’m not tired, but don’t overwork yourself, remember to rest.”

    After a brief chat, Cas sius got to the point. “There’s a charity auction this weekend. Can you attend for me? Father tasked me to buy a Dante Chair, the budget is $10 million. But I have to give a lecture at the church this weekend, so… I have to trouble you to bid for the Dante Chair.”

    “Me? What’s my role? Can I go as the girlfriend of the K Group President, Cas sius?” Evadne asked teasingly, taking a bite of chocte.

    “You can. As long as you go, you can decide your role. Maybe you could say you’re thedy of the Ashbourne family.”

    Evadne nodded while chewing her chocte.

    Cas sius chuckled indulgently. “You rarely appear in the media or public. The high society of Elmsworth doesn’t know you, so you can go without worries.”

    “Okie dokie! But a budget of only $10 million is kinda small, what if I find something else I like?”

    “Then bid for it, I’ll reimburse you. We Ashbournes have a tradition, and once we participate in an auction, we must bid, we can’t let others have a chance.”

    “Got it, Emeric’s family motto, take all opportunities, and leave none for others!” Evadneughed, flicking her fingers lightly.

    “Good luck, Evadne. Don’t forget the Dante Chair.”

    After hanging up, Jason reminded her anxiously. “Miss Evadne, if we’re representing Mr. Cas sius at the charity auction, we should bring a collection. But if we prepare now, is it a bit tight?”

    “I’ve already prepared what we need.”

    Evadne’s l*ps curved into a yful smile, with a twin kle in her eyes.

    Weekend, Parkray Auction in Elmsworth.

###Chapter 38

    The outside of the auction house was packed with reporters, barred from going in to protect the privacy of the elite. They could only wait outside.

    However, the ones who came here were true top collectors and investment bankers, all with profits as their primary goal. They were not the ones who needed media exposure. They were not interested in interviews, but treasures.

    Except for Elspeth, Una, and Acacia.

    Every year at this time, Elspeth would dress up and turn this high-end charity auction into a red-carpet event. She’d pose for the media at the entrance and only reluctantly leave under the persuasion of the staff. It was as if she was afraid people would forget that she was the star who became famous for breaking up someone’s family two decades ago. Frederic hadn’t personally attended the auction for two years, probably thinking it was beneath him.

    But this year, Elspeth didn’t do that because Una begged her the night before to let her and her daughter have their moment. She and Una were sisters, and while she was reluctant, she had to respect family ties.

    So this year, it was Acacia and her mom at the entrance.

    “We, the Stirling Group, are here at this auction hoping to acquire excellent collections and contribute to charity,” Una said in front of the reporters with the demeanor of a topdy.

    “Mrs. Stirling, how is the Stirling Group’s financial situation? We heard the Stirling Group is on the brink of bankruptcy?” a reporter asked sharply.

    “Is Ives’ investigation over? Will he be sentenced?”

    “We heard there’s a love problem between your daughter and the president of the Abernathy Group, is that true?”

    Love problem?!

    Acacia, hearing this, suddenly stepped forward, ring at the reporter with wide eyes. “What love problem? Where did you hear that?!”

    “Ms. Acacia, don’t be nervous, we’re just asking. After all, with the Stirling Group in trouble, Mr. Thaddeus, your fiancé, hasn’t stepped in to help or made a statement, so it’s not unreasonable to have such a spection.”

    “I didn’t break up with Thad! You guys better not spread rumors!”

    Acacia, thinking about how Thaddeus hadn’t reached out to her during these past few days, suddenly lost control of her emotions and raised her voice.

    Una quickly pulled her emotionally distraught daughter back, smiling at the camera. “My daughter and Mr. Thaddeus are very steady in their rtionship, please do not overthink. As for the matter between the Stirling Group and the Abernathy Group, that’s a trade secret, and we’re not sure ourselves.”

    “Mr. Thaddeus is also present at this event today. Why didn’t hee with Ms. Acacia?”

    “You guys never seem to appear together. Is it to avoid suspicion?”

    “Avoid suspicion? If Mr. Thaddeuses, he will definitely be with my daughter.”

    “But many of us saw that Mr. Thaddeus entered the venue half an hour ago,” a reporter suddenly interrupted.

    The mother and daughter were instantly thrown off by this statement, their faces changing.

    On the other side, Thaddeus had already entered the venue with Gordon.

    “Thad!” Jareth hurried over, his yful yet dark eyes squinted, immediately hugging Thaddeus’ waist. “You’ve been working out well at the gym. Nice b*dy.”

    Jareth even pinched Thaddeus’ waist.

    “You better behave.” Thaddeus frowned slightly, not moving but giving him a cold look.

    “Stop being a prude. Why don’t you talk about the time you pinched me in bed when we were kids?” Jareth stopped touching his waist and put his hand on his shoulder. “Your future mother-inw and fiancée are here. Aren’t you going to say hi?”

    “Avoid misunderstandings.”

    “Not bad, you’re not just all about love. You seem to have improved, not being Acacia’s puppy this time. You should know the Stirling Group’s reputation in the industry is not good, and anyone who deals with them will have trouble.”

    “Who’s all about love?”

    Thaddeus’ face suddenly turned serious. “Don’t think because this is the Jareth Group’s ce that I won’t do anything to you, Jareth.”

    It was well known in high society that the Parkray Auction was backed by the Jareth Group, with Jareth in full control.

    “I’m just looking out for you. I really don’t want to see your reputation ruined by the useless Stirling Group.”

    Jareth sneered, “My grandfather originally didn’t want the Stirling Group toe to this charity dinner, but he let them in because he was afraid you’d be upset. You should know, with the level of the Stirling family, they shouldn’t be here.”

    “They may not be worthy now, but Acacia will eventually marry me. By then, I hope you can change your view of her.” Thaddeus looked solemn. “After all, the Stirling family and she are different.”

    “I get it, I can’t disrespect my friend’s wife. But Thad, you might not like what I’m going to say.”

    “Then don’t say it.”

    “Talking about looks or personality, I still think your ex, that tough-as-nails woman, suits you better. For a stick-in-the-mud like you, you need a woman like Ms. na, a fire in the wintertime, to get you all heated up,” Jareth blurted out, speaking too fast to censor himself.

    Gordon mped his hand over his mouth, struggling not to burst outughing.

    Thaddeus felt a pang of annoyance and said coldly, “There’s no future between her and me, and I definitely won’t get back together with my ex. Patching things up with an ex is such a tacky move.”

    Jareth shrugged, not bothering to argue, and switched subjects instead. “See anything you like in today’s auction items?”

    “Yes, the Dante Chair.” He nned to buy the Dante Chair as a birthday gift for his grandfather.

    “Nice choice! I can help you secure it. If anyonepetes with you, I’ll find a way to make them back down.”

    “That’s okay.” Thaddeus shook his head indifferently. “It’s a charity auction. The emphasis is on ‘charity’. If this item is meant to be mine, it will naturallye to me. If I force it. it takes the fun out of the auction.”

    The two men entered the venue and walked straight to the front row. The front row was reserved for true blue-bloods or elites. The handsome figures of Thaddeus and Jareth caused quite a stir as they arrived. Many high-societydies blushed.

    “Mr. Thaddeus is just so dreamy, he’s the man of my dreams!”

    “I suggest you give up. Didn’t you know Mr. Thaddeus is set to marry the princess of the Stirling family?”

    “What?! That Stirling family that sells shoddy home decor? Good Lord, they’re not even fit to polish my shoes. What a waste for Mr. Thaddeus!”

    “Acacia and Mr. Thaddeus grew up together. He divorced his ex-wife for her. What chance do you think you have to sn atch him from Acacia?”

    “Ah, I feel sorry for his ex-wife. Looking at Acacia’s pretentious act, I bet Mr. Thaddeus will get sick of her in no time!”

    Thaddeus took his seat elegantly, emitting a strong aura that warned others to keep their distance. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a chair marked Cas sius just across the aisle. Thaddeus clenched his jaw, furrowing his brow.

    “Thad, I really couldn’t help with this one. These front-row seats were reserved by my grandfather. I wouldn’t dare mess with that.”

    Jareth, seeing through his thoughts, leaned in, and whispered, “Seating arrangements are a real test of social skills. Even your stepmother and your two dimwit sisters were relegated to the back. Can’t you see how precious these seats are? Cas sius is the eldest son of Emeric and the CEO of the K Group. We, the Jareth Group, can’t afford to underestimate him. Just bear with it.”

    Outside the venue, in the lobby, two women from the Frost Group were socializing with several high-societydies. Elspeth and Una were sisters from the Frost Group, whoter married different men.

    Glynnis and Acacia were chatting and ttering each other, while Mari had vanished somewhere.

    “Where’s Mari? I didn’t see her.” Acacia asked.

    “Who cares where she went. As long as she’s not causing trouble,” Glynnis said, visibly annoyed at the mention of her younger sister. She thought her timid, cowardly demeanor brought shame to the Abernathy family.

    “Oh, don’t be so hard on her. Mari is your little sister, and the youngest daughter of the Abernathy family. You should be nicer to her.” Acacia advised in a faux gentle tone.

    “I wish I never had this sister. She’s an embarra**ment.” Acacia’s words only stoked Glynnis’ anger further.

    7

    Acacia chuckled internally. She wanted to drive a wedge between the two sisters. If they ever teamed up against her after she married into the Abernathy family, she wouldn’t stand a chance.

    Just then, a series of authoritative footsteps echoed through the hall. The Frost sisters, Acacia, Glynnis, and several other high-societydies all turned to look. Evadne, dressed in a sophisticated ck suit, stepped in with confidence. She was still wearing sky-high heels and had her l*ps painted with beautiful l*pstick.

    Her seemingly casual attire made Acacia and Glynnis, who had spent hours getting ready, feel dull inparison. They clenched their skirts in frustration!

    Following Evadne was Jason, who had also dressed up slightly, looking dashing. They intended to ignore this group of mmed-up women. However, Elspeth called out to her with a smile, “Wow, I didn’t expect to see you here, na. I’m really surprised. Charity events are truly inclusive.”

    Her words implied that she found it surprising that a woman of na’s low status could be present at such an elegant event.

    Evadne halted, one hand in her trouser pocket, and smiled at Elspeth. “In this big world, there are many things you haven’t seen. It’s not that they are surprising, but that you still have a lot to learn.”

###Chapter 39

    Hearing this, all the nobledies were dumbstruck. Their gazes were all focused on Elspeth.

    They had no idea that the stunning woman before them was Mr. Thaddeus’s ex-wife. They just thought she must be some high-born princess. Otherwise, how could her family have such wealth to daringly confront Frederic’s wife?

    Elspeth trembled with rage, sneering coldly, “Ms. na, you’ve certainly changed now that your status is higher. I never knew you were so articte.”

    Evadne just arched an eyebrow, totally unfazed by Elspeth’s mockery. “I just respond to people the way they talk to me. What does that have to do with status?”

    By now, Elspeth was so angry that her face was red and she waspletely flustered.

    “na! No matter what, my mother is your elder. How dare you be so disrespectful!” Glynnis, seeing her mother humiliated, was immediately angry and seemed ready to charge forward and start a fight.

    Evadne just scoffed.

    Glynnis was as scheming as her mother but not as dark-hearted. She didn’t even bother to engage with such shallow women.

    “Does anyone here have a vision problem?”

    Jason, having had enough, stepped in front of Evadne with a cold expression and said, “Everyone saw who started the trouble, who was disrespectful first. Anyone with eyes can see clearly.”

    “Wow, Ms. na is really popr. First, you had President Ashbourne to protect you; now there’s this gentleman. Looks like you have quite a few protectors,” Acacia sarcasticallymented from the side.

    “Acacia, spreading rumors only takes a mouth, but have you thought about the consequences?” Evadne’s cold gaze pierced like ice into Acacia’s face.

    Acacia’s heart began to race.

    She had previously thought of this woman as a simple country girl who easy to bully.

    But now she was starting to fear her because the more she interacted with her, the more she realized how unpredictable she was.

    “Ms. na, I truly think it’s inappropriate for you to be here so we’re just looking out for you.” Una spoke with a hypocritical tone, her wordsced with insinuation: “After all, you once naively interfered with Acacia and Thaddeus’s rtionship. Now you’re very pa**ive. Although it was unintentional, we don’t me you. But now that Acacia and Thaddeus are together and you’re Thaddeus’s ex-wife, it’s really not appropriate for you to appear in front of Thaddeus. We don’t care; after all, Acacia is about to marry Thaddeus. But if others see it, how will you handle it?”

    Hearing Una’s ruthless words, Acacia revealed a dark and excited sneer.

    Her mother was indeed the most formidable. People with more life experience were really something!

    The nobledies, after hearing this, looked at Evadne with both surprise and contempt.

    So she was Thaddeus’s infamous ex-wife and even a mistress!

    Such a disgrace!

    “I interfered with their rtionship? Ha, Mrs. Stirling, is your mind a bit scrambled, like the furniture your Stirling group produces?” Evadne was not angry at all and she justughed.

    “How dare you!” Una’s face turned red with anger.

    “When I married Mr. Thaddeus, he was single. Your daughter broke up with Mr. Thaddeus because she couldn’t handle the pressure. What does that have to do with me? I was married to Mr. Thaddeus for three years, and during those three years, what your daughter did, how she always pestered my husband, do I need to list them one by one here as a show of respect?”

    Acacia and her mother’s faces immediately changed. Acacia was so scared that she didn’t dare make a sound.

    In those three years, although she was abroad, she still managed to stir up their rtionship.

    Worse, she had sent nasty texts to na and even called her to curse at her. But na had endured it all silently, never retaliating.

    Now if she really dug up those old scores, wouldn’t everyone know?

    ‘Jason, bring it out; let them see.” Evadne’s eyes narrowed slightly.

    Jason understood and took a folder from his briefcase, opened it, and presented it to everyone.

    A ring marriage certificate was a real p in the face to Una and Acacia!

    “See, Mr. Thaddeus and I haven’t officially divorced yet. The procedure hasn’t beenpleted, and some people are already eager to take over my home.” Evadne’s l*ps curled up into a yful smile.

    Acacia’s face was so red that it was even redder than a pig’s liver.

    How outrageous! Who carried a marriage certificate around?

    But Evadne was just that kind of unpredictable woman.

    Since she was always prepared to break up with Thaddeus, of course she would carry the marriage certificate with her.

    And this time, the marriage certificate was like a mirror, leaving these people who twisted the truth nowhere to hide!

    Elspeth and Una werepletely lost for words. After all, they were still legally married so what could they say? The more they said, the worse it got!

    “Who’s the third wheel? Who shouldn’t be here? You guys figure it out.”

    With that, Evadne put away the folder and left under the shocked gazes of everyone.

    Leaving Acacia standing there, utterly humiliated, her eyes red with anger!

    There were less than five minutes before the auction officially started, and almost all the VIPS were seated.

    Elspeth and Glynnis sat in the third row. From the moment they entered, Glynnis’s eyes were spinning like tops, full of curiosity about Jareth.

    “He’s so handsome.”

    “This charity gig the Jareth family is throwing is ma**ive and pretty tight on security. No matter what I say, I can’t get us to the front row.”

    Elspeth hummed in slight discontent. “Don’t worry kiddo, I’ll make sure you get close to Jareth. With your talent, beauty, and swell bloodline, Jareth will surely fancy you.” Sure, Jareth was a known y boy around town, but for the sake of allying with the Jareth family, Elspeth decided to push her daughter into that circus.

    What’s more, Glynnis actually had a thing for Jareth, which was good news for Elspeth.

    “Mom, Thaddeus and Jareth are pals. Can you ask Thaddeus to introduce me?” Glynnis pouted and pleaded.

    Elspeth’s expression turned icy at the mention of Thaddeus, that ba stard child. There was no way she’d stoop so low!

    “Where’s Mari?”

    “She must’ve skedaddled somewhere. Mom, can you not bring her next time? She runs around making faces at cameras. It’s embarra**ing for the Abernathy family!” Glynnis was clearly not a fan of her sister.

    “You know your sister has issues. She’s twenty now so it’s time she faces the world. If anyone is willing to take her, I’ll happily marry her off. That’d solve one problem,” Elspeth sighed.

    Gosh, she sounded like she’s selling her own daughter, as if Mari would be past her sell-by date in a couple of years.

    Over at Acacia and her mother’s side, things were equally messy.

    At the auction, there were dozens of rows of seats. Acacia and her mother, drèssed to the nines, were stuck at the very back of the room!

    “Mom! Thad’s in the front row. I want to sit next to him!”

    Acacia, impatient, lifted her dress and started towards Thaddeus, only to be stopped by a b*dyguard.

    “Sorry, Ms. Acacia, all seats are a**igned. You can’t just switch around.”

    “Oh really? And who are you to stop me? Do you know who I am?” Acacia retorted arrogantly.

    “Yes, you’re Mr. Thaddeus’s girlfriend,” the b*dyguard said coldly.

    Acacia was stumped and didn’t know what to say.

    “But tonight’s seating has been personally arranged by the Chairman of the Jareth Group. Even if you were Mr. Thaddeus’s wife, you couldn’t break this rule.”

    Acacia, fuming, was about to argue when Una grabbed her.

    “Enough! It’s just a seat; don’t make a scene!”

    While saying this, Una felt a pang of annoyance watching Elspeth and her daughterugh and chat in the front row,pletely ignoring them.

    Her sister had always been like this, trying to outdo her in everything and iming to help her get noticed, but it was all hot air!

    The room was filled to the brim, with only Cas sius’s seat still empty.

    Thaddeus nced at the empty seat next to him, then quickly looked away.

    “Strange, why hasn’t President Ashbourne arrived yet? He’s not going to bail, right?” Jareth pondered aloud.

    Just then, the doors at the back of the room swung open.

    Everyone turned to see who it was. Thaddeus, usually indifferent and uncurious, couldn’t help but turn.

    His breath hitched, and his heart raced.

    His ex-wife, dressed in a sharp ck suit and high heels, walked confidently and steadily towards the front row.

    She was like a goddess descending.

###Chapter 40

    Evadne didn’t choose to wear a fancy evening dress. Instead, she rocked a chic ck suit she designed herself, adorned with a yellow diamond brooch by top jewelry designer Alea.

    She made her entrance with elegance and confidence. Her minimalist yet unique style made her stand out among the noble daughters.

    They were the princesses everyone adored.

    But she, Evadne, was always a queen who dominated!

    Acacia, seeing her rival be the center of attention, felt a surge of anger.

    Yet, to her dismay, twodies next to her were sizing up Evadne in surprise, murmuring among themselves.

    “Oh my Go d, whose daughter is she? She’s so **y!”

    “If she weren’t so young. I would’ve thought she was the CEO of some big corporation. Her aura even surpa**es that of the guys!”

    “Did you see her brooch? That’s Alea’s treasure, ‘Twilight’! Someone offered ten million for it three years ago, but Alea didn’t even bat an eyelid!”

    What? Twilight?!

    Anyb*dy who knew a thing or two about jewelry knew Alea, and they knew about the sensational Twilight from three years ago!

    Acacia was so mad that she didn’t notice Evadne’s gear initially. But now that she looked, she was practically grinding her teeth in jealousy.

    “Looks like this na has really scored some big points with President Ashbourne.”

    Una was both jealous and impressed, scolding her daughter fiercely, “I trained you so hard, and yet you’re not even as cun ning as a country girl! Without your aunt giving you the chance to approach Thaddeus, do you think your little tricks would’ve attracted Thaddeus?”

    “Mom! I’ve seeded! Why do you still belittle me?”

    Acacia clenched her fists, eyes reddening. “Even if na is with Cas sius, so what? The Abernathy family is no worse than the Ashbourne family! They’re divorced! na is just a discarded woman! Thaddeus will never go back! He’s mine for life!”

    “As long as they’re not divorced, don’t let your guard down!”

    Una was worried: “Mr. Thaddeus has been indifferent to youtely, even I can tell.

    And Mr. Hamiltion still hasn’t epted you. He’s been dying their divorce, which means things can still change. If you think you can rest easy just because na doesn’t live with the Abernathy family, you’re really clueless!”

    Acacia knew Thaddeus wasn’t as pa**ionate about her as before. But she hadn’t had a chance to see him in the past few days, how was she supposed to show off her charm?

    Evadne walked past the back row, leaving a light fragrance in her wake, pa**ing Elspeth and Glynnis.

    “Mom, where is that country girl sitting?” Glynnis asked nervously.

    Elspeth’s smile vanished instantly. She was just hoping that na would have a ce of her own here, but she never expected her to sit in the prestigious first row!

    Thaddeus watched as Evadne strode up to his side, his heart racing.

    But Evadne seemed oblivious, sitting alone in Cas sius’s seat, poised and graceful.

    “Cas sius let Ms. na attend on his behalf? I had no idea!” Jareth expressed his shock and confusion.

    Thaddeus took a deep breath, his eyebrows furrowed, and looked at the woman two meters away from him.

    Evadne was smiling, her face bright and captivating, but she radiated a cold aura, deterring anyone from approaching her.

    She didn’t even nce at Thaddeus, as if he didn’t exist.

    “Oh my G od! She has the ‘Twilight’ brooch!”

    Jareth suddenly shouted, “Three years ago, I wanted to buy that brooch for my mom’s birthday. I offered ten million and begged Alea with all my connections and dignity, but they totally ignored me. I can’t believe the brooch is now in Ms. na’s hands. Cas sius really put a lot of effort into her. I admire him!”

    Thaddeus was taken aback by his words.

    No one understood the feeling of giving everything for the one he loved better than he did.

    He had made time in his busy schedule to go to France for half a month to prepare a birthday gift for Acacia. He endured numerous cold stares and rejections, and only then did he get the Ruby Enigma from the designer.

    He had been married to na for three years, and he never gave her any gifts.

    Now she was with Cas sius, and that man showered her with dazzling love like diamonds.

    Thaddeus’s brows furrowed, his eyes filled with mncholy, and a hint of bitterness welled up in his heart.

    Seeing Cas sius treat na so well, he felt ufortable no matter what.

    It made him feel like he was an ipetent ex-husband.

    The guests were all present, and the auction officially began.

    As the representative of the Jareth family, Jareth, dressed in a tailored suit, showed remarkable poise as he delivered the opening speech.

    Glynnis watched her “hubby” with adoration, already naming their future eight kids in her mind.

    The apuse was deafening. Before Jareth stepped down, he shed a smile, showing his white teeth, and flirted with Evadne with a raised eyebrow.

    Evadne gave him a frigid nce and unapologetically rolled her eyes at him.

    Thaddeus was filled with rage at Jareth’s action.

    “So, dude, how did I do just now?”

    Jareth walked up to Thaddeus with a smile, nudging him lightly.

    “Great, do it one more time.”

    Thaddeus looked at him coldly and said, “And I’ll punch you.”

    Jareth looked helpless. “What did I do to upset you? You’re more difficult than the hundreds of girls I’ve dated!”

    Soon, the first auction item was presented to all. It was a Renaissance oil painting, a great piece indeed. But the artist wasn’t a well-known master, so the starting price was only 100,000.

    Thaddeus wasn’t that into antiques, but thanks to his granddad and dad’s teachings, he was somewhat savvy on the subject.

    Upon seeing the painting, he immediately recognized it. There was an identical one in his granddad’s studio.

    The one in his granddad’s ce was genuine, but the one up for auction here at Parkray Auction was likely an expertly crafted copy.

    Copies and fakes were two different beasts, and some quality copies had fetched high prices in the past. However, given that there was a genuine one out there, the price might be a bit steep.

    “Bidding 150,000!”

    “200,000!”

    “300,000!”

    Just as the auctioneer was about to bring down the hammer, a clear yet soft voice rang out.

    “500,000.” Evadne raised her paddle nonchntly.

    There were surprised looks from the crowd towards this mysterious and beautiful woman.

    Thaddeus shot Evadne a puzzled look. First off, the painting wasn’t worth 500,000 and 300,000 was already a high price.

    Secondly, na had been with his granddad for so long, helping him manage those treasures. She couldn’t possibly not know that the genuine piece was at his granddad’s. Why would she bid so much for a copy?

    “600,000!”

    All eyes turned to the back.

    Acacia was holding her paddle high, seemingly afraid others wouldn’t see.

    She couldn’t stand this cheap woman stealing the show. She had to regain her lost dignity tonight!

    “700,000.” Evadne raised her paddle once more.

    “800,000!” Acacia followed, her voice loud, drawing the attention of the crowd.

    Una’s heart was in her throat. She had never attended such a high-end auction. A single painting was bid up to 700,000 in the blink of an eye. This was just the first item! “Should we follow suit, mom?” Glynnis, seeing Acacia taking the limelight, whispered to Elspeth.

    “We’re all family so let’s not fight amongst ourselves.”

    Elspeth had been to many auctions and knew the good stuff was usually saved forst.

    “9 00,000.” Evadne raised her paddle again, determined to win the painting.

    Una’s blood pressure was rising. She hadn’t nned to spend so much on Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday gift. It was heart-wrenching!

    “One million!” Acacia was so agitated that her eyes were red as she raised her paddle once more.

    The crowd gasped!

    Jareth couldn’t help butugh. “This is just the first item, and it’s not even something particrly valuable. Yet the price is already so high. We’re making a fortune! Thad, should I thank your ex-wife or your current fiancée?”

    Thaddeus’s hands were sped tightly on his knee, his thin l*ps sealed, and he looked troubled as if a storm was brewing.

    741746

    “Acacia, don’tpete with na next time she bids! It’s too much expensive!” Una, sweaty palms clutching Acacia’s hand, nervously advised.

    Evadne’s eyes were filled with amusement. She was about to raise her hand again, but she put it down.

    “One million! Sold! Congrattions to Ms. Acacia from the Stirling Group for acquiring this masterpiece!” Acacia was grinning from ear to ear, feeling victorious and overshadowing that cheap woman.

    But Una just couldn’t manage a smile.

    At this moment, Jason, outside the venue, was watching everything happening inside through his phone.

    Evadne was amazing! She baited Acacia into bidding an exorbitant price for a copy!

    She truly saw right through this foolish yet cun ning woman’s shallow mind. Evadne had Acacia wrapped around her finger!

###Chapter 41

    Thaddeus’ face darkened even further, his l*ps drawn tight.

    Already bidding up to nine hundred grand, so a million was definitely not a big deal.

    na suddenly stopped bidding. Not because she couldn’t afford it, but because she chose to give up. She did it on purpose!

    But he couldn’t say a thing. After all, nob*dy forced Acacia to spend big bucks on this painting. It was her choice.

    In the following auctions, Evadne kept her cool and didn’t make a move.

    Thaddeus only wanted to win the Dante Chair, so he too didn’t make a move.

    Next up for auction was a Victorian antique tablemp donated by Elspeth on behalf of the Abernathy group. Starting bid: two hundred grand.

    Evadne snorted lightly and shook her head in disdain.

    She’d rather buy the first knockoff than spend a fortune on this piece of junk. She figured whoever bought it was a suc ker.

    As expected, the bidding was thin. Despite the auctioneer’s best efforts, it only sold for two hundred and sixty grand.

    The smile on Elspeth’s face gradually faded.

    She was just thankful the price didn’t go below two hundred and fifty grand.

    Thaddeus, however, appeared utterly calm.

    After all, whatever Elspeth did, the one losing face could only be Frederic. Although they were father and son, spouses were one entity.

    “Next up for auction is a 17th-century European royal silver conch cup, donated by Suri Bright Ashbourne from the K Group!”

    All the collectors’ interests were instantly piqued!

    Evadne was taken aback and quickly turned around.

    Finally, she spotted Suri’s elegant figure in the back rows.

    [Suri’s here? Why didn’t you give me a heads-up?]

    Evadne nervously texted Jason.

    Jason replied. (I just found out too! It might be Chairman Emeric who sent Suri here at thest minute.]

    Evadne felt a bit flustered.

    Almost all of the Abernathy family was here at today’s event so she was really scared of revealing her true identity if she didn’t handle things well.

    Just then, she noticed Suri giving her an “ok” gesture, filled with an understanding only besties share.

    A warm feeling spread through Evadne, and she immediately understood.

    Suri was really clever!

    Everyone was eager to bid on this item from the K Group.

    People praised the Ashbourne Group’s generosity, showing the status of a big corporation.

    Inparison, the Abernathy Group’s performance wasckluster. The two items they donated were even less valuable than the decorations in their foyer.

    People began to question Elspeth’s taste.

    Elspeth felt incredibly awkward. She felt like she was on pins and needles.

    The collection she brought was worlds apart from Suri’s. Inparison, her taste seemed even more narrow-minded so it was embarra**ing!

    Up until now, there had finally been a spark of interest in Thaddeus’ eyes as he twirled his bidding paddle.

    “This is a good piece.”

    “The color of the sky after the rain probably described the color of this cup.”

    When Thaddeus heard Evadne say this, he couldn’t help but turn his head and look at her with a hint of surprise.

    Evadne was immersed in the charm of the antique. Her skin was extremely delicate, and under the light, it seemed even more enchanting, beautiful enough to take one’s breath

    away.

    Although na was very beautiful, he never paid much attention to her beauty because he already had someone he liked.

    So sometimes, Thaddeus even felt that na following him was a waste of her life, wasting her beauty.

    Thaddeus’s gaze unconsciously slid down, finally stopping on Evadne’s wrist.

    Sure enough, she was still wearing the bracelet his grandfather gave her. Despite it not matching her outfit today, she still couldn’t bear to take it off. It seemed she really liked

    it.

    Thaddeus squinted, and his heart jumped involuntarily.

    The silver conch cup sparked a fierce bidding war, and the auctioneer was swamped!

    “One million!”

    “Two and a half million!”

    “Two point seven million!”

    “Four million.”

    Thaddeus gracefully raised his paddle, nonchntly calling out the highest number in the room.

    Everyone was amazed.

    Evadne was taken aback and instinctively looked at Thaddeus.

    It seemed this man, who wasn’t picky about women, had a good eye for antiques.

    Thaddeus felt her gaze. He moved his eyes slightly, meeting her gaze.

    In an instant, the man was pric ked by her overly rational and cold eyes, and his heart tightened.

    Evadne quickly withdrew her gaze, avoiding his stare.

    In the end, Mr. Thaddeus sessfully won the bid for the cup, drawing envious nces from everyone.

    “Next time Ie over for a drink, you should serve me with this cup! It’s a price that matches my status.” Jareth joked.

    “This cup is too small and it’s not enough for you. I have a bigger one, more suitable for your status.” Thaddeus replied coldly.

    “Do you have something good to show me?”

    “A toilet.”

    Jareth was speechless. “Go d, you’re heartless!”

    Evadne overheard and burst outughing.

    Acacia was regretting it too. After spending so much on a lousy cup, what on earth was Thad thinking? Wouldn’t it be better to spend it on a new house?

    She wasn’t even married to Thaddeus yet, and she was already worrying about the Abernathy family’s finances.

    “The next object for auction is of special significance, which is a fifty-year’s personal collection of a gentleman who wishes to remain anonymous, the Renaissance-era Dante Chair!”

    The auctioneer announced it enthusiastically. The Dante Chair was carefully protected by a ** cover and carried onto the stage by four staff members wearing white gloves.

    “It’s here, it’s here!” Jareth tapped Thaddeus excitedly.

    The next second, he saw Thaddeus and Evadne, like someone had hit the start button, both lean forward simultaneously, their movements perfectly in sync.

    They were both ready and determined to win it!

    “Starting bid, three million! Let’s get this show on the road!”

    All the bigwigs and power brokers started raising their paddles. The auctioneer was calling out the bids non-stop. Thepetition was fierce.

    Three million was the highest starting bid of the night!

    Elspeth and Glynnis, who loved to steal the spotlight, were having second thoughts after hearing this price.

    Acacia and her mom had already bowed out and were watching from the sidelines, as quiet as church mice.

    Just then, a hand gracefully went up, her red l*ps parted, and she calmly called out a number.

    “Six million.”

    Everyone was stunned and turned their heads towards the bidder, Evadne!

    This mysterious beauty, with her show-stopping moves, was leaving asting impression on everyone.

    “Mom, I didn’t hear wrong, did I?”

    Glynnis was shocked and said incredulously, “That country girl, she actually bid six million? How dare she go so high?! Is she just putting on airs?”

    Elspeth didn’t say a word, her cold eyes glued to Evadne’s back.

    Suddenly, Elspeth seemed to remember something and her gaze shifted towards Suri, then a sneer crept into her heart.

    Did she think she can be a princess, huh? It’s even harder for her to handle the high and mighty Ashbourne family!

    “Seven million.”

    Thaddeus’s l*ps parted slightly, and he slowly raised his hand. The light was shining on his tall figure, casting a golden silhouette that was downright dazzling.

    He directly took the price to a new high, leaving the others in the dust.

    “Seven and a half million.”

    Evadne was still calm and, without hesitation, raised her paddle again.

    Everyone gasped once more!

    Even worldly-wise Jareth didn’t dare to speak.

    He felt like he was watching a duel between two masters, with their powerful auras shing, and any second now, sparks would fly and the earth would shake.

    “Eight million.” Thaddeus was calm, but there was a hint of irritation in his eyes.

    She was really going all out to help Cas sius win this bid!

    Evadne bit her l*p, anger burning in her heart.

    Even if she didn’t need Cas sius to reimburse her, her own stash was more than enough to take on Thaddeus.

    But she knew when to cut her losses and weigh the pros and cons.

    Antiques indeed had high value due to their historical significance, but she had a price limit in mind. Eight million was the max. Anything more would be just a pis sing contest. and that was pointless.

    “Thad, with your high IQ, did you spend it all on EQ?”

    Jareth saw Evadne looking unhappy and hurriedly whispered in his ear, “Ms. na clearly wants that chair. Can’t you just let her have it? Besides, you guys were married before. Ms. na is a girl; isn’t it a bit rude topete with her in front of so many people?”

    “She’s sitting there, representing Cas sius. It’s Cas sius I’mpeting with. What does she have to do with it?” Thaddeus looked straight ahead, his eyes cold and emotionless.

    Jareth took a sharp breath and gave him a thumbs-up, saying, “No problem, man!”

    “Eight million going once! Eight million going twice!”

    12:38

    Wow!

    A crisp voice came from the back, like water hitting ice. Thaddeus raised an eyebrow but didn’t turn around.

    Everyone’s eyes were on the beautifuldy who had bid, it was Suri!

    Evadne’s eyes twin kled, and she suddenly understood why Suri was here.

    Emeric must have sent her because he was worried that Cas sius wouldn’t want to spend a lot of money, so she was here to make sure he got the item!

    Thaddeus’s eyes were hazy. He hesitated for a moment and then didn’t bid again.

    Not that he couldn’t afford it, but to keep bidding would seem ungentlemanly.

    In the end, the Dante Chair was sessfully won by the K Group. The apuse was deafening.

    Just as everyone thought the auction was about to end, the auctioneer suddenly smiled and said, “Next up is our final item for tonight’s charity auction, donated by the K Group! This is a top-tier jewel, ‘Ruby Enigma,’ created by a renowned jewelry designer and crafted over a month!”

    At this point, Thaddeus’s pupils contracted sharply. His heart felt like it had been shot, and it stopped beating.

###Chapter 42

    In an instant, Acacia felt like she’d been struck by lightning, her face turning a ghastly shade.

    Una also jumped in fright, as if her blood had been frozen solid!

    “Holy cow! What just happened?”

    Sweating bullets, Acacia gritted her teeth and asked, “Didn’t you sell this n*e? Why is it at the auction?”

    “I did sell it. This can’t be!” Una said in shock.

    “What are we going to do now?! Thaddeus is right there. He’s going to see the gift he gave me sold. How’s he going to feel about me? He’s definitely going to be pis sed!” Acacia said it angrily, on the brink of tears.

    “It’s okay! There might be more than one of these n*es; maybe it’s just the same.”

    “There’s only one in the world! The auctioneer just said it’s the one Thaddeus gave me! How could he be fooled by such an excuse?”

    At this point, both mother and daughter were swamped with various thoughts.

    Acacia was thinking about how to exin everything to Thaddeus.

    Una was wondering why the n*e she sold to the pawnshop was here, and it was donated under the name of the K Group.

    Suddenly, she sat up straight, attracting the attention of those around her.

    Could it be that the pawnshop was also owned by the Ashbourne family?

    With so many treasures entering the pawnshop every day, the Ashbourne group chose this unremarkable n*e to donate to the charity auction. What a coincidence!

    Una’s brain buzzed, and her gaze towards Evadne became even more vicious.

    That bit ch must have had a hand in it!

    Only she knew that Ruby Enigma was a gift from Thaddeus to Acacia. Driven by jealousy, she deliberately used the Ashbourne family to expose the n*e, intending to sow discord and get back at them!

    On the other side.

    Thaddeus’s face was incredibly dark.

    His chest was heaving under his suit, and cold sweat trickled down his forehead.

    “Thad? Are you okay?” Jareth was taken aback by his unusual behavior but had no idea why.

    The Ruby Enigma was a symbol of Thaddeus’s unique feelings for Acacia. From design to material selection to having the designer personally carve it, every step was his heart and soul.

    Thaddeus had never invested so much in a woman.

    But now that his sincere love was being openly bid on stage, it was as if he had been stripped and nailed to the pir of shame for all to see and mock!

    “The representative of the K Group who donated it said that The Ruby Enigma was given by a pa**ionate man to his lover, and it has extraordinary meaning. True love cannot be measured by money, so this item is disyedst, and its auction method is quite special

    Finally, following the advice of the K Group, this n*e will be auctioned without a reserve price!”

    Upon hearing this news, Acacia felt like she’d been hit by a truck. Everything went ck before her eyes.

    All eyes were on it, and the excitement even exceeded expectations when the Dante Chair was auctioned!

    Thaddeus could no longer bear it, his eyes turning red with anger. He gritted his teeth and managed to say.

    “Stop.”

    “What?”

    “Stop the auction immediately; this item is mine!”

    Jareth’s face was filled with shock, his mouth agape.

    At this point, Thaddeus noticed Cas sius’s seat was empty. na had disappeared at some point.

    His fists clenched tightly, and he mmed them into the armrest, creating a dangerous atmosphere that even startled Jareth.

    na, her tactics were really clever!

    Was she satisfied now after humiliating him to this extent?

    The drama she had set up was about to begin, but Evadne had lost the mood to enjoy it and left early.

    In the restroom, she looked at her reflection in the mirror and let out a deep sigh.

    The past Evadne, though experienced in the ways of the world, still retained her innocence. She had always been pampered by the Ashbourne family and had never resorted to such tactics.

    But now, without Thaddeus, why was her mind filled with schemes?

    She remembered Thaddeus’s shattered expression when Ruby Enigma was brought to the stage. She felt that she might have gone too far.

    Actually, she could have pretended not to see the n*e. There was no need to publicly humiliate Thaddeus by putting it up for auction, but she just couldn’t stand it.

    It’s not that she couldn’t stand divorcing Thaddeus. Her love that she pursued for thirteen years had already disappeared. She had epted this fact.

    She just couldn’t stand that Thaddeus, who was so smart, couldn’t see through the fact that the person he loved was not a good person.

    “I’m too nosy and I won’t do this next time.”

    A pang of pain surged in Evadne’s heart, and she chuckled bitterly.

    This was thest time and she won’t interfere in Thaddeus and Acacia’s affairs.

    12:38

    Suddenly, the restroom door was kicked open, making a loud noise.

    Evadne looked on calmly.

    Acacia strode in angrily, dragging her cumbersome dress.

    “na! You bitc h!”

    “You’ve been cursing for over three years. Is your vocabry really that limited?” Evadne sneered, not angry at all.

    “It must be you! You’re the one who put the n*e Thaddeus gave me up for auction! How could you be so despicable and so low?”

    Acacia took another step forward but stepped on her dress and almost fell, the strength of her revenge halved, her face as red as a ripe apple.

    “I just honestly donated something. I didn’t use any tactics. Ms. Acacia, you can’t just nder people.”

    Evadne took a step back, fearing that she was going to pounce and bite her.

    Such a has sle, she’d have to go get a rabies vine.

    “na! You can’t get Thaddeus’ love, eh? So you resort to this cheap trick to embarra** me and Thaddeus and mess up our rtionship! You think you’ve won by doing this? You think you can wedge yourself between me and Thaddeus and make Thaddeus fall for you? Dream on!”

    Acacia red, her big and lustrous eyes burning with hatred.

    “The n*e was willingly sold by you so it’s not yours anymore. Whoever bought it or did whatever with it, it’s none of your business. If you’re angry or bitter, that’s your own doing; you can’t me others.”

    Evadne avoided Acacia’s gaze, no longer wanting to argue with her. She turned to leave.

    If it weren’t for Thaddeus, she wouldn’t bother with such a hypocritical woman.

    “Stop! Come back!”

    Acacia was furious, her eyes wide as she grabbed Evadne’s slender wrist and gave it a harsh tug.

    Evadne winced, her eyebrows furrowing.

    Acacia had actually yanked off the bracelet grandfather had given her, leaving a noticeable red mark on her delicate wrist.

    “Give it back!” Evadne was instantly angry; her eyes were sharp.

    Acacia clenched the forcefully torn bracelet in her hand. She had liked it from the start, but her grandfather had given it to her least favorite person.

    “na, you’ve taken what’s mine, you shameless woman! If I can’t have it, neither can you!”

    Acaciaughed cruelly, smashing the bracelet against the marble sink.

    “No!”

    Cra ck!

    Evadne’s heart shattered as she watched the now-broken bracelet.

    The bracelet grandfather had given her was ruined by Acacia!

###Chapter 43

    Evadne felt as if she was so pi ssed off that she couldn’t even breathe.

    Grandpa’s keepsake, her favorite thing, was destroyed so easily by Acacia!

    In a split second, anger surged in her heart like a flood. She wished she could break Acacia’s bones inch by inch, just like this bracelet!

    “Acacia!” Evadne’s eyes were red as she yelled at her.

    Acacia was taken aback, but soon a vicious thought surged in her heart: na, so what if I broke the bracelet? It’s just you and me here. If I said you were trying to harm me. who do you think Thad would believe?

    Acacia sneered, picked up the remnants of the bracelet from the washbasin, and extended her wrist.

    Evadne immediately realized what she was doing and tried to stop her, but it was toote.

    “Ugh!!”

    She watched as Acacia cut her wrist with the sharp part of the bracelet. Perhaps it was her first time doing such a thing, and although she avoided the arteries, she cut it quite deep, and blood dripped down.

    Even Acacia was scared by what she did, but she knew that since she decided to put on a show, she had to go all the way. Otherwise, this injury would be for nothing.

    So she cried and screamed as she ran out of the bathroom.

    Evadne stood there for a moment, then picked up the remnants of the bracelet, her eyes red.

    Just as she left the bathroom, the door of the innermost stall was quietly pushed open a cr ack.

    Acacia ran down the hallway with her bleeding wrist, crying out in pain. She looked like she was running wild.

    The auction had ended at this point, and guests were leaving the venue one after another. Seeing this dramatic scene, many didn’t stop to watch themotion but instinctively backed away, thinking this woman was mad.

    *Thad, Mom, Auntie. Save me!” Acacia trembled as she spoke incoherently;

    Sure enough, she became the center of attention. This was exactly what she wanted: na, if you dare to sow discord, I’ll make sure you fall from grace. In Thad’s eyes, you’re just a jealous bi tch!

    Elspeth, Una, and Glynnis rushed over. All three women looked panicked, like chickens being scared.

    “Acacia! My precious baby! What happened to your hand? Who did this to you?”

    Una’s face was filled with worry and fear. Her performance was very natural.

    Because she knew as soon as Acacia and na left the venue that her daughter was going to deal with that bit ch, she immediately reacted and cooperated with Acacia.

    However, she remembered that her daughter was very afraid of pain. When she was a child, she would cry endlessly just from getting a shot. But this time she dared to harm herself.

    She’s really bing more and more like a young Elspeth. Back then, Elspeth used this method of ying the innocent and self-harming to sessfully capture Frederic’s heart, snat ching the position of the CEO’s wife, which should have been Thaddeus’s mother, causing Frederic to bepletely disappointed in Thaddeus’s mother.

    The path Acacia was taking was the same as the one Elspeth took before. She’s almost seeded. At this critical moment, there can’t be any new problems.

    na, this troublemaker, must bepletely defeated!

    Seeing people around her started to record with their phones, Acacia cried even harder, perfectly ying the role of a victim.

    At this moment, Evadne walked towards them expressionlessly, shining like a beacon in the chaotic night. She was unbelievably beautiful.

    Ayer of frost spread on her beautiful face, making everyone hold their breath. She had a sense of justice.

    Coincidentally, Thaddeus and Jareth, two handsome and tall men, were also walking towards them.

    “Thad.” Acacia cast a pitiful look at Thaddeus.

    Thaddeus saw the horrific wound on her wrist, immediately furrowed his brows, and quickly walked over to her.

    Una’s l*ps curled up slightly as she pushed Acacia hard, directly pushing her into Thaddeus’s arms.

    “How did you get hurt like this?” Thaddeus asked anxiously.

    “Thad. My wrist hurts so much. Am I going to die?” Acacia cried in the man’s arms, looking like a frightened bird.

    “You won’t. Don’t scare yourself.” Thaddeus lowered his head and looked at the horrific wound on her wrist, frowning.

    Evadne watched coldly from the side and couldn’t help butugh.

    A great drama was about to unfold.

    There were already people stealthily recording with their phones.

    Jareth reacted quickly and immediately sent his b*dyguards to disperse the crowd.

    “Acacia, Thaddeus is here to protect you now so no one dares to harm you!”

    Elspeth asked anxiously, “Acacia, how did you hurt your hand? Tell me!”

    “Yes. Acacia, you don’t have to be afraid. Tell us who bullied you; we won’t let them go!” Glynnis was also adding fuel to the fire.

    “I ran into Ms. na in the bathroom.”

    Acacia panted weakly in Thaddeus’s arms, looking at Evadne with hatred in her eyes. “I know Ms. na doesn’t like me so I took the initiative to greet her, hoping to reconcile

    with her.

    But Ms. na didn’t ept my goodwill, and we started to argue.”

    Evadne crossed her arms and sneered.

    Thaddeus saw herughing and felt displeased.

    “I wanted to leaveter, but Ms. na wouldn’t let me go. I was anxious, and I identally broke the bracelet on her hand. Ms. na got angry because the bracelet was broken. No matter how much I apologized, she didn’t ept it, so she.”

    Acacia stopped talking, letting everyone imagine what happened next.

    Evadneughed even harder. She was about to apud Acacia for her acting skills.

    “So, did Ms. na give you this wound? How could it?”

    Elspeth covered her mouth, looking unbelieving.

    In fact, she was just trying to disrupt the harmonious atmosphere.

    “What? You dared to hurt my daughter?”

    Una was fit to be tied. She pointed at Evadne’s face and blurted out, “You’re such a heartless person! Can’t you just talk things out? Why do you have to resort to violence? My daughter’s hands are the hands of an artist! She’s won countless piano awards! To her, the piano is life!

    If she can’t y the piano because of you, it won’t matter if you’re part of the Ashbourne family or some other high society; we will not let you off the h ook!”

    Una’s words left Evadne choked up, breaking down her defenses.

    She remembered her pinky that could no longer y beautiful melodies on the piano due to Thaddeus, and she took a deep breath.

    They angrily sought her out for ountability but who should she seek out?

    “Hold up! That’s not how it went!”

    Seeing Evadne under attack, Jareth hurriedly stepped forward to try to help her out. “Even if Ms. Acacia feels wronged and pitiful, that’s just one side of the story. We should also hear what Ms. na has to say. The bathroom isn’t monitored, but there might have been others present. We can ask them to confront the situation, and then we’ll know

    the truth.”

    Seeing Jareth, Glynnis waspletely smitten, her mouth agape as if her soul had left her b*dy.

    Evadne paused for a moment, finally lifting her eyes and gently ncing at Jareth.

    1

    Just that one nce made Jareth’s heart bloom with joy, and he felt a surge of happiness.

    Their silent exchange of nces, in Thaddeus’ eyes, was evidence of their mutual flirtation.

    He didn’t show any emotion, but his fingers clenched tight.

    “There were no witnesses so it was just the two of us in the bathroom.” Evadne said itnguidly.

    “Um.” Jareth frowned, looking a bit troubled.

    “Who else could it be? My daughter would never hurt herself! Acacia has always been very afraid of pain!” Una cried out in anger.

    Acacia sobbed in Thaddeus’ arms, feeling secretly relieved.

    “na.”

    Thaddeus lowered his voice and asked coldly, “So, did you do this?”

    Evadne’s heart sank and she clenched her fists tightly, holding back the urge to cry from the feeling of being wronged.

    Jareth wordlessly put his hand on his forehead, thinking that Thaddeus was better off not saying anything at all if he was going to be like this.

    Thaddeus saw the redness forming around Evadne’s eyes and felt a pang in his heart.

    He felt like he might have been too harsh.

    It’s not that he didn’t know right from wrong, but the n*e auction matter had deeply humiliated him, and he had some personal grudges against na.

    So, his attitude had involuntarily be cold and hard.

    Evadne took a deep breath and smiled slightly, her smile radiant.

    “I did it, so what? You want to take revenge?”

###Chapter 44

    Thaddeus was blown away, his heart pounding like a drum.

    His eyes bugged out at the sight of his gentle and humble ex-wife, who now appeared audacious and even capable of violence.

    “na, did you really do this?” Thaddeus asked, his gaze locked on her.

    Evadne began to smile, her beautiful face instantly drawing attention.

    Jareth clutched his chest, moved by her smile.

    How could a woman be so captivating even when she’s up to no good!

    “Thad. What do you mean by that?”

    Acacia, fearing that Thaddeus might start doubting her, began to make a fuss. “Are you saying you don’t trust me? Am I that untrustworthy to you?”

    She couldn’t understand why na would admit to something like this.

    Acacia decided not to overthink it, as long as things turned out the way she wanted! If na wanted to take the fall, then she was just asking for it!

    “Thaddeus, look at the wicked woman you once married! She almost cut Acacia’s artery; she wanted to take my daughter’s life!” Una cried out, they both bursting into tears.

    Thaddeus lowered his gaze, his brows furrowed.

    “na, you weren’t this quick-tempered when you were with the Abernathy family. You used to be so fragile, nothing like you are now.”

    Elspeth stared at na, her words coated with malice: “na is showing her true colors now that she’s no longer with Thaddeus. It’s a good thing Thaddeus divorced her in time and made up with Acacia. Otherwise, who knows how long this scheming girl could have fooled us.”

    “Elspeth, how dare you insult na!”

    Jareth couldn’t hold back anymore. As he attempted to retort, na stopped him.

    Glynnis watched this with a sour look, her resentment toward her former sister-inw growing.

    “You can handle this however you like.” Evadne said sarcastically.

    “Apologize to Acacia.” Thaddeus said it coldly, without looking at her.

    It was as if their three years of marriage had been nothing but a dream, as if they had never known each other.

    Acacia could hardly contain her smile; she was over the moon.

    This was na’s payback. Thaddeus was always hers.

    During their three years of marriage, na had given everything for him, taken care of everything in their lives, and worked hard for the whole Abernathy family. But all it took was a few crocodile tears from Acacia, and Thaddeus would worry about her.

    A few drops of her tears were worth more than all of na’s sincerity!

    Evadne held her chin high, striding toward Acacia.

    With anger coursing through her, she didn’t say a word and pped Acacia hard across the face!

    Everyone was dumbstruck and at a loss for words!

    Her movement was so fast that Thaddeus didn’t have time to react, only feeling a chill pa** through him.

    “You hit me. You really hit me?” Acacia looked somewhat dizzy from the pain.

    “I hit you because you deserved it!”

    Evadne’s smile was reced by a frightening rage: “This p is for touching my diamond bracelet that grandpa gave me. If you have the guts, confront me directly. But you destroyed my bracelet, why? Why did you do that?”

    “na! How could you do this?” Thaddeus was livid. He growled in a low voice, noticing the swelling on her wrist as she swung her hand.

    Her skin was so delicate that even a slight injury was noticeable.

    But his anger at the moment made him oblivious to this; all he could do was re at her.

    Una, Elspeth, and Glynnis were in disbelief. How could na be so brazen in front of Thaddeus? How could her temper be so vtile?

    “Listen up; from now on, Acacia and I are enemies. If I betray my own vow, I’ll end up just like this diamond bracelet!” Evadne gritted her teeth, slowly unfurling her left hand.

    Thaddeus suddenly felt a tightness in his chest as he saw her blo ody hand and the blood-stained broken bracelet.

    She really loved that bracelet.

    Even though the bracelet was broken, she held onto it, oblivious to the cuts on her hand.

    Thaddeus was at a loss for words, gazing deeply at Evadne’s angry face.

    ‘Ms. na! Your hand is bleeding!”

    Jareth cried out in shock, frantically searching his pockets for a handkerchief or a tissue, anything to help her bandage the wound but he found nothing!

    Thaddeus had a handkerchief in his pocket. His head was slightly lowered, his fingers tightly clutching the handkerchief, but he found himselfcking the courage to offer it to

    her.

    Just then, a whiff of perfume wafted over as an elegant woman in a dark green dress walked past him.

    Evadne felt a bit dizzy as Suri approached her, removing the fragments from her hand and carefully bandaging it with a handkerchief.

    Tears welled up in Evadne’s eyes, her l*ps trembling. She almost called her name out loud, but managed to hold back.

    “Such a beautiful hand. It’s heartbreaking to see it injured.” Suri tried to sound calm, but her heart ached. She wanted tosh out at the Abernathy family at this moment.

    “Long time no see, Suri; you are getting more and more beautiful!”

    Elspeth’s face changed instantly and she hurriedly greeted Suri, pretending to be close.

    “Suri, hey there!” Una was greeted with a busyugh and an obsequious charm.

    After all, after the death of Emeric’s first wife, it was amon consensus that Suri stepped into her shoes. They saw her as the rightful wife of Chairman Emeric, and many

    wanted to curry favor with her.

    Suri was the youngest daughter of the Bright family. Even if she had cut ties with the Brights to marry Emeric, who was already a married man, she was still a rich girl. Una and Elspeth couldn’t hold a candle to her.

    “Elspeth.” Suri didn’t really want to deal with Elspeth, but she had to respect Frederic.

    As for Una, to Suri, she was nothing more than a bottom feeder, which she simply chose to ignore.

    Una felt extremely awkward. She had taken the initiative to greet Suri but got nothing in return.

    “Did Suri recognize Ms. na? Oh yes, today Ms. na is standing in for Cas sius at the auction. Her carefree shopping without looking at the price tags really made an impression, so you must have noticed her, right?”

    Elspeth had just noticed Suri’s unusual concern for Evadne, which made her suspicious. Not knowing the nature of their rtionship, she decided to subtly probe Suri’s reaction. “Of course I know Ms. na. She was invited by Cas sius after all.”

    Suri knew Elspeth’s intention, so she gave her an ambiguous response to see how she would react.

    “So, you must not be very familiar with Ms. na,”

    “Do I need to understand who Ms. na is?” Suri said it nonchntly.

    “I think it’s necessary.”

    Elspeth said with a steadyugh, “Because Ms. na might be the future wife of the President of the K Group, which would make her part of your family.”

    “Is Ms. na Cas sius’s girlfriend?” Suri asked back.

    “That’s the deal! When Ms. na divorced Thaddeus and left the Abernathy family, she got in Cas sius’s car right away. I was worried for na at the time. After all, she’s a country girl and she didn’t know anyone else in Elmsworth. What would she do after leaving the Abernathy family? Then I saw that she had Cas sius to look after her, and I was relieved.” Elspeth said, grinning at Evadne.

    Suri didn’t respond right away, making the atmosphere particrly tense.

###Chapter 45

    Evadne didn’t bat an eyelid.

    She was well aware of Elspeth’s two-faced nature. All the information sent a clear message to Suri: not only was she dumped by Thaddeus, but she was also a poor girl scrambling for a rich man to survive.

    A wicked smirk crept up on Acacia and her mom.

    The Ashbourne and Abernathy families were never on good terms. Cas sius, as the eldest son of Emeric, was of high standing. He could have any woman he wanted with the snap of a finger. Why on earth would he want a divorcee of Thaddeus?

    What a joke!

    Thaddeus frowned, annoyance shing in his eyes. “Elspeth, this is my business, not yours.”

    “Thaddeus, it might be your business, but it also affects the image of both the Abernathy and Ashbourne families. I’m just trying to prevent the revtion of Ms. na being your ex-wife from freaking people out. I have everyone’s best interest at heart!” Elspeth continued her bulls hitting.

    “Didn’t Ms. na divorce Mr. Thaddeus already? Doesn’t that mean they have nothing to do with each other anymore? How could Elspeth still think Ms. na would embarra** the Abernathy family?”

    Suri scoffed, “Is Ms. na not allowed to fall for another man after her divorcè with Mr. Thaddeus? Ms. na marrying Cas sius is nothing to be ashamed of. We, Ashbournes, won’t look down on her just because she’s been divorced. It’s an era of equality, Elspeth. There’s no need to treat Ms. na this way.”

    Jareth was almost pping after hearing Suri’s words. They were so satisfying!

    Acacia, her mom, and even Glynnis were taken aback. They stood there, too embarra**ed to utter a word.

    Was Suri protecting na?

    “Suri, you’re also a rich man’s daughter, so you must understand what I’m saying!”

    Elspeth became flustered when Suri ignored her. “Ms. na just left our Thaddeus and is now with Cas sius. If others find out, they’d think she had an affair with Cas sius while still married. It’s disgraceful. As the legal wife of Chairman Emeric, you should care about the Ashbourne family’s reputation!”

    “Enough!”

    Suri frowned, her aura making Elspeth uneasy. “This is the kids’ business. I might be an elder, but I’m not Cas sius’s mom. I don’t have the right to meddle. And Elspeth, you’re not Mr. Thaddeus’s biological mom. Don’t you think you’re not qualified to y the elder role in front of Thaddeus?”

    Elspeth was speechless.

    “And Chairman Emeric and I haven’t signed a marriage contract so he’s just my man. I don’t want to hear ‘legal wife of Chairman Emeric’ from you ever again!”

    Suri’s cold tone left Elspeth pale and her mind nk.

    Evadne bit her l*p, and a wave of sourness rushed up her nose.

    Chairman Emeric’s legal wife-there’s only one, and that’s her mom.

    Thaddeus stayed silent, but he kept an eye on na.

    He never liked na. He was on

    maintaining a friendly facade with her. This woman had been a source of trouble, always poking where it hurt.

    But when Elspeth mocked her with those sharp words, he felt like his own dignity was tainted.

    “Ms. na, do you need to see Cas sius? I can take you to him.” Suri’s friendly gaze was back on Evadne.

    “Thank you, Suri. Then I’ll trouble you.” Evadne smiled like a well-mannereddy.

    “Such a polite and beautiful child.”

    Suri gently took Evadne’s hand, speaking out loud intentionally. “Cas sius has good taste in choosing you as his girlfriend.”

    “Hold on.”

    Thaddeus’s heart filled with rage upon hearing these words. He sternly said, “Ms. na, don’t you owe us an apology?”. Jareth let out a sigh. He wished he could stuff his sock in Thaddeus’s mouth.

    Evadne’s heart ached. She shot him a cold look.

    Thaddeus felt like her disappointing gaze went right through his soul.

    “It wasn’t her! It wasn’t her!”

    A clear and sweet voice intervened, making those with malicious intent uneasy!

    Evadne’s heart lightened as she turned towards the voice.

    “Mari!”

    A girl in a simple white dress with a “cauliflower” hairdo, delicate features, and fair skin was running towards them.

    This ridiculous hairstyle was Glynnis’s “masterpiece”.

    In the Abernathy family, Mari was always Glynnis’s rival.

    Glynnis was jealous of her sister’s beauty and bullied Mari every day. Whenever they had public appearances, she’d make sure Mari would make a fool of herself, fearing her sister would steal her thunder.

    Mari was born with autism, which made her even more introverted and antisocial so she was always silent when meeting strangers.

    However, during her three years in the Abernathy family, the only person who had shown warmth to Evadne apart from Alva was this ignored little sister.

    After leaving the Abernathy family, Mari had been thinking about her all the time.

    Evadne was overjoyed to unexpectedly meet her here today.

    “Mari, what are you talking about?”

    12:38

    Glynnis gave her sister a hard re. “Acacia was the only one in the bathroom other than her; if not her, then who else?”

    “It wasn’t her! It wasn’t her!” Mari was frantic and scared; she couldn’t exin clearly.

    “Mari, this isn’t your business; go y by yourself!” Elspeth also looked at her with a cold face.

    Mari clenched her little fists and walked to Thaddeus. She looked up at him with a tense face.

    “Bro, she didn’t do it!”

    “Mari, why would you say that?” Thaddeus’s tone softened when he faced Mari.

    “I saw it! I was also in the bathroom! I saw it!”

    Everyone was shocked; Acacia’s face turned pale!

    Evadne was stunned. She had no idea that Mari was also present during her confrontation with Acacia.

    “I saw Ms. Acacia came to argue with you. You wanted to leave, but Ms. Acacia wouldn’t let you. She pulled your diamond bracelet off. Then she broke your diamond bracelet and ran out screaming, but you didn’t touch Ms. Acacia! I saw it all clearly!” Mari exined with her hands gesturing in the air that she was so anxious that tears were about to fall.

    “Mari.” Evadne was deeply touched seeing her like this.

    She knew Mari was timid, but to prove her innocence, she forced herself to speak the truth.

    Thaddeus’s eyes widened; his gaze focused on Acacia’s pale face, as if about to explode.

    He slowly released the hand that had been tightly gripping hers.

    Acacia was like a drowning person who had lost her lifebuoy. She could no longer care about the injury to her hand. She tightly hugged Thaddeus’s waist and said, “No, Thaddeus! She provoked me first! I really didn’t mess with her! Mari is not very smart; don’t listen to her!”

    “Not very smart? I think Mari is just not very pretty, but when she tells the story, she makes it very clear.” Jareth scoffed. Out of respect for Thaddeus, he didn’t directly use Acacia.

    He had never liked Acacia, but Thaddeus insisted on treating this bad woman as his love and always believed in her.

    “She didn’t hurt you, right?” Thaddeus took a deep breath and then asked seriously.

    In the face of the witness, Acacia was sweating profusely and dared not lie anymore.

    “So, you were ndering her?”

    After asking this question, Thaddeus felt it hard to breathe.

    “No, not at all.”

    Acacia was so frightened that she was shaking all over. Suddenly, her vision cked out, and due to excessive tension and blood loss, she fainted.

    A farce ended with Acacia being taken away in an ambnce.

    When Jason arrived, Evadne was apanying Suri to the underground parking lot.

    “Ms. Evadne! I’m sorry I’mte! I wasn’t by your side when such a big thing happened!”

    Seeing the blood on the white handkerchief in Evadne’s hand, Jason felt very uneasy. “How did you get hurt? Who did it? I’ll make them pay!”

    ‘It’s fine, Jason. I know you were dealing withpany matters. It’s all minor here.”

    Evadne looked deeply at Suri and said, “Suri has sorted it out for me.”

    “I didn’t really solve anything for you. I, as an elder, only found out today how they treated you.”

    Suri felt a pain in her heart thinking of how Evadne was ganged up on by the Abernathy family: “Evadne, why didn’t you reveal your identity? Why did you endure their nder? You should say you are the daughter of the Ashbourne family; let them know the price of bullying you!”

    Evadne lightly shook her head and said, “Suri, I’ve left the Abernathy family; I don’t want them to know anything about me. Those people, no matter how terrible or hateful, will be forever imprinted in na’s life. And in my life as Evadne, they will never appear again, including Thaddeus.”

    Jason was surprised. He only realized that Suri also knew about Ms. Evadne’s marriage.

    “Yeah, your thinking is correct; let the past blow away with the wind.”

    Suri bit her l*p lightly and couldn’t help but smile. “Fortunately, I came today. Otherwise, today’s matter wouldn’t have been so easily resolved.”

    “Aviana is a pa**ionate person and her life is full of enthusiasm.”

    They chatted andughed for a while, and suddenly Suri hugged Evadne, her voice choking.

    “Evadne, I really feel it’s unfair for you.”

    “No, I don’t feel it’s unfair.”

    Evadne’s eyes turned red. She smiled andforted her, saying, “As long as you are here, I don’t feel it’s unfair at all.”

###Chapter 46

    After being rescued, Acacia was moved to a general ward.

    The doctors said her condition wasn’t that bad. Even though the wound was deep, it didn’t need stitches.

    The main reason she pa**ed out was due to extreme panic and stress.

    “Honey! You’re finally awake!”

    Una stood by the bed, crying her heart out, “I thought I’d never see you again!”

    “Enough, stop crying. Thaddeus isn’t here crying his eyes out. You’re making a racket.”

    Elspeth seemed very impatient. Arms crossed, she stood by the window and asked, “Have you guys sorted out how to deal with this mess?”

    “What mess?” Una wiped her tears, looking somewhat clueless.

    “Did you guys screw everything up?”

    Elspeth looked at her sister, feeling angry. “You can’t do anything right. I’ve been spoiling you and helping you all these years. Without me, do you think your daughter would have a good chance with Thaddeus? With your brains, do you want your daughter to marry into the rich and famous? Not in a million years!”

    Acacia also felt a sense of dissatisfaction because her mother was too blind to see some things.

    To make ends meet, her mother sold the n*e Thaddeus gave her. That was bad enough, but her mother sold the n*e to the Ashbourne family, and it even showed up at an auction. This would definitely worsen her rtionship with Thaddeus and cause trouble!

    “Elspeth, if you’re going to talk like this, I need to argue with you!”

    Una had always been criticized by Elspeth. This time she was criticized by Elspeth in front of her daughter, making her feel very embarra**ed and angry. “Today, Acacia and I sessfully framed na. What’s up with your daughter? Why did she ruin our ns at such a crucial moment? If she hadn’t meddled, how could things have ended up like this?!”

    “How was I supposed to know Mari would be in the bathroom? Acacia, how did I teach you? How could you be so careless when you’re up to something and leave clues that you don’t even know about?”

    1

    Elspeth was also very angry, but it was indeed her responsibility, so she could only shift the me onto Acacia.

    Acacia felt wronged and didn’t say a word.

    “In general, there’s no solid evidence to prove that Acacia inflicted the wound on herself. Acacia, if Thaddeus asks you about this, just y dumb. Thaddeus has feelings for you so this should be resolved easily.”

    Elspeth ma**aged her temples and said coldly, “If not, I’ll find a way to make Thaddeus forgive you.”

    “I got it, Auntie.”

    Acacia thought of Suri’s protection of na, and she felt very jealous. “Does na have some kind of secret? Why do the Ashbourne family treat her so well? Why does Suri favor her so much, treating her like her own daughter? If this continues, na will definitely bully us!”

    Mentioning Suri made Elspeth’s face change.

    “Suri is not the wife of the Ashbourne family and she’s just a woman that Chairman Emeric likes! I respect her because I respect Chairman Emeric but she doesn’t know how to be grateful and is rude to me!”

    “Yeah! Auntie, you’re my uncle’s legal wife; how can Suripare to you?” Acacia quickly praised Elspeth. After all, she wanted to marry into the Abernathy family and had to rely on Elspeth.

    Una sneered in her heart. How could Elspeth have the right to criticize Suri? Wasn’t Elspeth’s position stolen too? If Thaddeus’s birth mother hadn’t been murdered by her, Elspeth wouldn’t be able to marry Frederic with her barren b*dy!

    “I won’t let na marry into the Ashbourne family smoothly. What’s the point of pleasing Suri?”

    Elspeth squinted, her eyes shing with a cold light. “Only if Emeric epts her would it matter. I heard from Frederic that Chairman Emeric is a tough cookie. He cares a lot about his family’s reputation. Cas sius is his chosen heir. As his eldest son, he would definitely want Cas sius to marry a daughter from a prestigious family. How could he let his son marry a country girl? There will be plenty of days toe. Let na enjoy her moment for now; I will make her cry eventually!”

    As soon as Elspeth’s voice fell, the door to the ward was flung open.

    A chill filled the room as Thaddeus’s tall figure appeared in the doorway.

    “Thad.” Acacia was scared, putting on a pitiful face.

    “I have a question for you.”

    Acacia clenched the nket nervously, quickly looking to Elspeth for help.

    ‘Thaddeus, Acacía just woke up, and she’s been through a lot, Whatever you want to ask, can you wait until she’s better?” Elspeth quickly tried to appease.

    “There are some things that I need to rify now.” Thaddeus had no intention of leaving.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, this is all my fault. Everything is my fault as a foolish mother!”

    Una thought it would be better if she admitted her mistakes first. She couldn’t let this matter affect her daughter and she couldn’t hinder her from marrying Thaddeus!

    So she ran over crying and fell to her knees in front of Thaddeus, saying, “The Stirling family is in deep water now. Our funds are drying up, and factories are closing down one after another. The Abernathy family refuses to lend a hand, and the Ashbourne family is giving us hell, So, after speaking with Acacia’s father, we decided to sell off some of our a**ets to cover thepany’s losses. It was me who took Acacia’s jewelry to sell without her knowing. If I knew that n*e was a token of your affection for Acacia. I’d

    rather starve than sell it!”

    A weight lifted off Acacia’s chest, and she put on an innocent face, tears welling up in her eyes as she looked at Elspeth. “Mom, how could you? That was my favorite n*e.” But Thaddeus just looked at Elspeth coldly, without any expression, and said, “That’s not what I wanted to ask.”

    Compared to ndering na, the n*e issue was peanuts,

    Although he was bummed and annoyed that the n*e he gave Acacia was sold, if Acacia had actually done it for the survival of her family, he could understand and forget

    about it.

    What he couldn’t stand, however, was framing an innocent person.

    “Was the injury on your hand your doing or na’s? Did na’s diamond bracelet break because she was careless, or did you sn atch it from her and break it?” Thaddeus’s voice was calm, his gaze indifferent.

    “Thad, are you using me of framing na?” Acacia sobbed, her eyes blurry with tears. “Is our childhood friendship not worth as much as your deceitful ex-wife in your eyes?”

    Thaddeus frowned. “Mari never lies. She said she didn’t see na touch you.”

    “Mari’s men tal state is unstable, and her verbal expression is limited. You know that, Thaddeus. Besides, she might not have seen clearly.” Elspeth hurried to defuse the tension.

    Thaddeus scoffed, “Do mothers usually belittle their own children in front of others? I wouldn’t know because I don’t have a mother.”

    Elspeth’s face changed instantly.

    Thaddeus, usually as stiff as a board at home, made her feel so humiliated when he countered her.

    “So, Acacia, why are you doing this? If I chose you, then I won’t go back to na. Why are you still picking fights with her?” Thaddeus suppressed his anger, his disappointment in her growing deeper, like a heavy chain constricting his heart, almost suffocating him.

    He was still willing to call her “Acacia”, a sign of respect for their childhood bond and for the redemption she once offered. After all, Acacia was the only light in his dark childhood.

    He was afraid that this light would go out, that his all-in choice was a mistake.

    “I didn’t! It wasn’t me! It wasn’t me!” Acacia shouted, beating the bed frantically, her usually gentle eyes filled with rage, “She stole my man! Now she wants to paint me as the bad guy! Glynnis told me that na was always close with Mari when she was with the Abernathy family. It must be their conspiracy against me! Thad, would you rather believe them over me? Are you falling for na? Do you not want me anymore?”

    “I’ve always liked you, even during the three years I was married to na. My feelings for you never changed, and I neverid a hand on her.” Thaddeus tried hard to control his emotions, but his mood turned sour.

    He thought of na taking the me without hesitation when she was used, her swollen wrist, the disappointed look on her face when she turned around and saw him.

    Thaddeus took a deep breath, his throbbing headache blurring his vision. “But Acacia, I don’t understand what you’re doingtely. Do you not want to be with me anymore?”

    “No, that’s not it, Thad, Thad!” Acacia watched as Thaddeus left resolutely; she panicked and fell off the bed, then rushed to the door.

    All she heard was the dull sound of the door closing and a gust of cold wind.

    Acacia kicked the hospital room door in anger, but kicked too hard and started screaming in pain.

    She won’t let na off the h ook!

    Since na wanted to be her enemy? Well, the feeling was mutual!

###Chapter 47

    At night, Sapphire Nights Club, a property owned by Jareth,

    Thaddeus was in a low mood, so he decided to drink with his friends, which was quite rare.

    Jareth personally drove over to pick him up since Thaddeus didn’t seek hispany that often.

    “Sometimes I feel like your mistress on the side.”

    Jareth whispered a bunch of words into Thaddeus’s ear. In front of others, he was the invincible Mr. Jareth, but in front of Thaddeus, he turned into a nagging old friend.

    “I’ve never acted meek in front of a woman, but in front of you, I’m like a lonely mistress waiting for you. I’m so good to you, so I want to cry just thinking about it!”

    “You’ve never acted meek in front of a woman?”

    Thaddeus gave him a cold nce and said, “I think you were pretty meek in front of na.”

    “That was just once in my life! na is too outstanding: I couldn’t help myself.”

    Thaddeus frowned slightly. He was silent for a long time, suppressing his urge to curse.

    At that moment, two se xy foreign girls walked past them; one of them even threw a flirtatious nce at Jareth.

    “They are so beautiful.” Jareth stared at them without blinking.

    “Are they? Not as good as her.”

    “Not as good as who? Your ex-wife?!”

    Jareth was shocked and he quickly asked, “Oh my go d! Thaddeus, do you have a new love interest behind my back? Didn’t you say your marriage with Ms. na was just a contract marriage? I can’t trust a man’s word! Well, with such an outstanding woman by your side, and you’re not a man without desires, after spending a long time together. feelings are bound to develop between you.”

    Thaddeus was suddenly surprised at his own sl*p of the tongue, his slender middle finger and thumb tightly gripping the whiskey **.

    Seemed like he had indeed seen na’s b*dy and had indeed been intimate with her.

    Now, his fingertips seemed to still feel the soft, smooth touch of a woman.

    “I didn’t touch her; don’t overthink.”

    Thaddeus suddenly felt shy, then he took a big gulp of his drink.

    Impossible! How could he have feelings for that woman, feelings that exceed friendship?

    After a few drinks, Jareth couldn’t help but ask, “Thaddeus, can I ask you something? It’s been bothering me.”

    “Go ahead.”

    “Why does it have to be Acacia? Why?”

    Jareth put his arm around Thaddeus’s n*eck. He felt that Thaddeus was being very unfair to na. “You saw it, those women all hate na so much! If it weren’t for Mari standing up for na, she might not have been able to tell the truth today. How wronged she would be!”

    Thaddeus was stunned for a moment. His eyes were shining, then he fell into memories.

    “In the past, my mothermitted suicide by jumping off a building because of depression and the inability to endure Frederic’s coldness and other people’s gossips. During those dark days, I was overwhelmed by grief and even wished to leave this world with my mother. I once tried to end my own life.”

    Thaddeus said, then he unfastened the strap on his watch, revealing a long and conspicuous scar.

    He had hidden all of this for a whole 20 years; Jareth was the first person to know this secret.

    Jareth took a deep breath, feeling a pang in his heart.

    “Acacia found me in time and saved me. Since then, she became my only friend. She would make desserts for me, invite me to her house, and give me her collected toys. Back then, she was sent by Go d to save me; she was my hope to live. I once promised to marry her, so, no matter what, I will fulfill this promise.”

    Jareth suddenly understood, but he also sighed, “But Thaddeus, people will change. You guys haven’t been together for a long time. Do you really think you still know her? If you slowly find out that she is bing less and less like the person in your memory, what will you do? Will you still choose her? She did you a favor; it’s okay if you want to repay her, But Thaddeus, we can’t confuse right and wrong and make wrong decisions. It’s necessary to distinguish the importance of things, don’t you think?”

    Thaddeus put his watch back on, his brows deeply furrowed.

    What came to his mind was still na’s tear-filled eyes.

    His heart ski pped a beat and he just took a sip of his drink.

    “You know once you’ve made a decision, it’s like you’re possessed; no one can change you.”

    Jareth said helplessly, I see, the only woman who is more important to you than Acacia in your heart is Paloma, for whom you’ve been looking for many years.”

    Hearing him mention Paloma, Thaddeus’s eyes instantly brightened.

    “Do you have any news about her?”

    “Like you, I have been sending people to look for Paloma, but the information you gave is too little, and you didn’t even get a clear look at her face. It’s useless to find a portrait painter at the police station,” Jareth shrugged, helplessly spreading his hands.

    Thaddeus’s eyes dimmed; he remembered the girl who had dragged him a long way on the battlefield of Zenithia with her frail shoulders.

    He had been looking for her for five years, but she disappeared as if she had never existed in this world.

    “I really don’t know if I will be able to see her again in my lifetime.”

    “If you see her again, how will you treat her?”

    “I will repay her and fulfill her request; she is my lifesaver.” Thaddeus answered very seriously.

    “Paloma is your lifesaver, and so is Acacia. So if Paloma also loves you deeply and only wants to be with you, will you agree to be with her?” Jareth asked jokingly.

    12.30

    “Gratitude and love are two different things; they can’t be confused.” Thaddeus’s voice became lower.

    “As long as you can distinguish between gratitude and love, that’s good.” Jareth’s tone was somewhat challenging.

    When they left the club, their luxury car was already waiting at the door, and the driver respectfully opened the door for them.

    “Jareth, I’ve got to ask you something.” Thaddeus had been holding it in all night and couldn’t stop himself from blurting it out.

    “What?” Jareth yawned one after another.

    Thaddeus muttered, his voice somewhat h oa rse, “Why did na admit to that thing? Why didn’t she exin?”

    “Maybe she doesn’t give a hoot!” Jareth sleepily blinked, casually tossing out his answer.

    “Doesn’t give a hoot about what?” he pushed.

    “She’s already divorced you. You think she still cares what you think? If she doesn’t care what you think, why would she care what those folks from the Abernathy family think

    of her? Maybe she’s just hit rock bottom! You, her ex-husband, your words cut deep. If I were Ms. na, I’d definitely teach you a lesson.”

    Jareth waved him off, then hopped into his fancy car.

    Thaddeus’s fingers tightened, turning white at the knuckles, as if he were choking himself; even breathing became a struggle.

###Chapter 48

    Ever since the charity auction, Evadne had been holed up in her room, feeling pretty bummed out.

    By the next evening, Cas sius and Arnold had swung by the vi to check up on her. Even though Evadne chose toe downstairs to see them, she looked totally wiped out. “Evadne, Suri filled me in on what went down at the auction.” Cas sius looked at his sister’s bandaged hand and couldn’t help but feel a twinge of pain. “How’s your wound? Did Jason change your dressings? Still hurting? Any infection?”

    “I can handle it myself; he’s got enough on his te already; I don’t want to add to his troubles.” Evadne murmured, feeling pretty down in the dumps.

    *Jason is bing more and more unreliable! If we hadn’t bumped into Suri on our way home that day, we wouldn’t have even known you were bullied by the Abernathy’s at the auction.” Arnold said angrily, “I’m going to sue the Abernathys tomorrow, bro. Get our legal team on it. Let’s hit them with defamation! They need to be taught a lesson!”

    “Forget it; it’s not worth it.” Evadne said, her voice barely above a whisper, seemingly devoid of energy.

    She knew that if this blew up, it would reach their dad’s ears. Even though he couldn’t interfere with her affairs directly, she didn’t want him worrying over her.

    That being said, she wasn’t about to let the Abernathys off the h ook.

    Evadne looked at the wound on her hand, thought of the diamond bracelet she had been trying to fix for two days straight, and felt a surge of anger.

    “Your brothers heard you were hurt, and they’re worried sick. They’re all rushing back now.” Cas sius hugged his sister, trying tofort her.

    “It’s just a small scratch! How can they abandon their work for such a trivial matter?” Evadne said anxiously.

    She quickly whipped out her phone, ready to call her brothers.

    “If anyonees back now, I won’t talk to them for a year!”

    “You might not be able to stop Elvis Waverley, for he should be,” Arnold pointed to the sky, “on a ne right now.”

    Evadne just shook her head helplessly. Her brother, always trying to outdo her with his surprise visits,

    “Let him be; I’ve done my duty as a sister!”

    After saying this, Evadne immediately said to Cas sius, “Bro, take me back to Skyrimter; I want to visit the Starry Vi.”

    Ever since Mari stood up for na, all the women of the Abernathy and Stirling families had been giving her the cold shoulder.

    Life at home had already been tough, and now that she was being bullied outright, it was utterly miserable.

    “You wretch! Did na bribe you? Are you the spy she sent to sabotage us?”

    After having a bit too much to drink, Glynnis went nuts, barging into Mari’s bedroom and yelling at her, “You seem so kind, but you’re really a sneaky snake! I used to think you were an innocent fool. I can’t believe you were just ying dumb, waiting for a chance to stir up trouble; you’ve be so cun ning!”

    “I’m not cun ning! I didn’t lie and na didn’t bribe me. I was telling the truth!”

    Mari was frightened, clutching her favorite teddy bear. “You guys bully my sister-inw. I can’t stand to see her being bullied!”

    Glynnis grabbed Mari’s hair and yanked hard.

    “Ouch, it hurts!”

    “Who let you perm your hair again?! Did you forget what I told you? I said you’re not allowed to perm your hair without my permission!” Glynnis was fuming, yanking Mari’s

    hair.

    The truth was, she wouldn’t be this angry just because of na. After all, it was Acacia who was wronged so it had nothing to do with her.

    The reason she was so mad was because Jareth, the guy she had always had a crush on, had actually approached Mari of his own ord and he had even patted her on the

    head with a smile.

    Seeing all this, Glynnis was green with envy. She wished she could sh ave Mari’s head bald!

    “I know what you’re up to! You’re not really trying to help na, are you? You just want to y the good guy to get Jareth’s attention, don’t you?”

    Mari was in tears, at a loss for words.

    “You just want to go against us; we despise na, so you want to help her, just to stand out, to show your sense of justice?”

    Glynnis’s face, usually so sweet and cute, was now contorted with anger. “Stop ying the innocent in front of me! You’re not fooling anyone; you think Jareth would fall for a dummy like you. Don’t tter yourself!”

    “What are you doing?” Alva rushed in, quickly pulling Mari into her arms.

    This kind of thing had happened so many times in the Abernathy family that none of the other ser vants dared to intervene.

    But Alva was Thaddeus’s girl, a veteran ser vant of the Abernathy family known for her kindness, so she was the only one who dared to stand up for Mari.

    “Alva, get out of here! This has nothing to do with you!” Glynnis said to Alva.

    “I think the one who should leave is you!”

    As Alva was soothing trembling Mari, she shot a stern look at Glynnis and said, “If you scoot out of this room right now, I’ll pretend I saw nothing. Otherwise, when Mr. Frederices back, I’ll spill the beans about how you’ve been bullying Mari.”

    Glynnis was unsettled and frustrated.

    If Thaddeus got wind of her true colors at home, he’d definitely spill it to Jareth; they’re tight as thieves. If Thaddeus got involved, her pursuit of Jareth would be a tough row to h oe.

    Considering this, Glynnis had to back off for now.

    But she was seriously cheesed off, and on her way out, she sna tched the teddy bear from Mari’s arms and chucked it out of the window.

    “My bear!”

    “Such a raggedy thing, a real pain in the n*eck!”

    Mari didn’t even have time to put on her shoes; she dashed out barefoot.

    Thaddeus had just returned to Windermere Estate and was taken aback by her panicked look,

    “Mari, what happened?” Thaddeus stepped forward to stop her, frowning.

    Although he loathed Elspeth and didn’t fancy Glynnis, he had a soft spot for her, especially after she bravely testified for na the other day, he saw her in a new light. “My bear. I lost my bear.” Mari was extremely anxious and she couldn’t help but burst into tears.

    “Don’t worry, I’ll help you find it.”

    Thaddeus led Mari to the backyard.

    Finally, in a muddy flowerbed, they found the lonely teddy bear lying there.

    Thaddeus was a neat freak; his custom-made leather shoes were always spotless. But he walked into the flowerbed without a care for the mud and personally picked up the toy for Mari.

    The bear was so d*rty it was hard to look at, but Mari didn’t mind at all. She held it tightly as if it were a treasure, sobbing with tears streaming down her face. Thaddeus wasn’t a soft-hearted man, but seeing her cry so sadly, he felt a pang in his heart.

    “If it’s d*rty, just toss it. I’ll buy you a new one tomorrow.”

    “No, I only want this one. This was a gift from na. It’s my favorite toy!”

    Thaddeus was surprised; he didn’t expect her to care so much about na.

    Mari remembered na’s kindness, the hard days without her, the neglect from her father, the indifference of her mother, and the bullying from her sister.

    “Brother!”

    Mari suddenly threw herself into Thaddeus’s arms, crying out, “Can sister-inwe back? I miss her so much. Can you guys not break up?”

    Thaddeus’s l*ps were slightly parted, his throat blocked by an indescribable emotion.

    He ruffled her hair with his big hand but couldn’t utter a word, fearing he would hurt her.

    Just then, his phone rang.

    It was a call from his grandfather, making his emotions even moreplicated.

    “Grandpa.”

    “Why can’t I reach na again?”

    Hamilton was bing more and more anxious and he sounded like he was about to cry on the other end of the line: “What’s wrong with na? I can’t reach her recently! She hasn’t visited me either! Did na decide to ignore me? You ba stard! If it’s because of you that na ignores me, I won’t recognize you as my grandson anymore!”

    “Grandpa, na would never ignore you; don’t overthink.” Thaddeus ma**aged his forehead, his handsome face filled with worry.

    “Go find na for me! I want to see her! Hurry! Go find her!”

###Chapter 49

    That night, the three Ashbourne kids made their way back to Skyrim from Elmsworth.

    The two cities weren’t exactly a world apart, a less than two-hour drive if they sted down the highway.

    Elmsworth was the economic heart of the country, blessed with resources and ripe with opportunities, a ce that every high-profile family wanted a slice of.

    Skyrim, however, was a different story. The Ashbourne family had run the show in Skyrim for the past century.

    Their a**ets fed a third of Skyrim’s poption, earning them the title of ‘uncrowned kings of Skyrim’. Without the Ashbourne family, Skyrim would have just been an average city, its economic growth nowhere near the speed it was at now.

    The kids found themselves at Starry Vi.

    “Miss Evadne! When did you get back?”

    The enthusiastic wee came from the aging Mr. Louis, the caretaker of the ce.

    He grew up ying with Emeric, so they were tight.

    Mr. Louis didn’t have any grand ambitions. Even though he’d heard about Emeric buying up three properties in Elmsworth over the years, he didn’t give a hoot. He was a bachelor, living alone and enjoying a life of leisure at Starry Vi.

    “Mr. Louis, how have you been? Is your leg still bothering you when it rains? How’s the breathing issue? Have you been taking the medicine I sent over?” Evadne asked, a smile on her face as she sl*pped her arm into Mr. Louis’s.

    “Good, good, all good, but it’s so good to have you back!” Mr. Louis couldn’t hold back his tears of joy.

    “I actually came back because I need a favor.” Evadne sighed and got to the point; “A friend gave me a gift, and I broke it. I’m afraid he’ll be upset if he finds out, so I thought I’d make an identical one.”

    “What is it?”

    Instead of answering Mr. Louis’s question, Evadne carefully pulled out a broken diamond bracelet from her jewelry bag.

    “This bracelet is so delicately made, it’s a real shame it broke!” Mr. Louis winced at the sight of the broken bracelet.

    “I know it won’t be easy to recreate this bracelet, but I still want to try. I want to borrow your tools to fix it. Some diamonds are missing from the bracelet, and I remember you having a lot of diamonds here, Mr. Louis. I want them all so I can find ones that match the ones on the bracelet,” Evadne requested.

    Mr. Louis was taken aback and speechless for a moment.

    Cas sius coughed awkwardly, and Arnold was ready to dial an emergency number on his phone.

    Evadne was always dropping bombshells like it was nothing.

    “No, no, no! You’re too young to fix such a delicate bracelet!” Mr. Louis eximed anxiously, looking like a mirror image of Emeric.

    Evadne’s eyes sparkled at the thought of punishing Elvis for not listening to her. She changed her n: “Let’s put it under Elvis’s name. If he asks, just say I made him do it, and he has to pay double thepensation. He’s loaded anyway; he’s not going to miss it.”

    Mr. Louis clutched his chest, heartbroken.

    Cas sius and Arnold rushed to his side.

    The Ashbourne family had four gardens in Skyrim, named The Moon, The Cloud, The Mist, and The Star.

    The Star was a natural and simple garden that changed with every step a person took. It was the first one that caught the eye of the master sculptor, Patrick. But the loaded Emeric bought it for a hefty sum, almost driving Patrick to kick Mr. Louis out because they were good pals.

    Half a monthter, on Patrick’s sixtieth birthday, Emeric gifted The Star to him, resolving the misunderstanding. It turned out Emeric had nned to give him The Star from the start and he just wanted to surprise him.

    Now, with Patrick gone, Mr. Louis had inherited Starry Vi.

    As Evadne followed Mr. Louis to the storage room to get the stuff, Cas sius and Arnold took a break.

    “Evadne cares so much about the Abernathy family that I’m getting jealous,” Arnold grumbled.

    “Mr. Hamiltion of the Abernathy family is our respected elder, and he’s always been fond of Evadne. Evadne is a grateful person. If Mr. Hamiltion is good to her, she will return the favor. I fully support her in this,” Cas sius murmured.

    “I bet you’d even support her if she ended up with Thaddeus!”

    “That’s fate and we can’t change it. That’s Evadne: the more the world is against them being together, the braver she is to love him,” Cas sius sighed.

    “It’s not fair; Thaddeus doesn’t deserve Evadne! My sister is so amazing, and yet she was treated horribly by Thaddeus!” Arnoldined, “But I guess it’s a good thing. Now that she’s had the worst man in the world, she won’t be fooled so easily by others.”

    Just then, Cas sius’s phone started buzzing on the table.

    He nced at it, and sure enough, it was a call from Thaddeus.

    “Mr. Thaddeus.” Cas sius answered the call with a chilly tone.

    Arnold furrowed his brows, leaned away from the back of the chair, and pric ked up his ears.

    “President Ashbourne, I need to speak with na.” Thadus’s voice was deep, and he sounded a bit frantic.

    “na doesn’t have the time now.”

    “When will she have time, then?”

    “For you, she will never have the time.”

    Cas sius was usually gentle, but when he was angry, his words could cut like a knife.

    Arnold clenched his fist in excitement. That’s right!

    12:40

    Thaddeus on the other end was pretty pi ssed, but he couldn’t just lose his cool there and then.

    “Firstly, na changed her number, which means she doesn’t want you contacting her. Even if you’re not officially divorced yet, respect her decision and stop bugging her. Secondly, I know everything that happened at the charity auction.”

    Thaddeus froze. It felt like his chest was covered in thorny vines, tightening with each pa**ing second.

    Arnold felt a chill run down his spine.

    That was his big brother. Although he was usually gentle, he wasn’t incapable of getting angry. It’s just that most things in the world weren’t worth his anger, except for his family.

    “That incident.”

    “I don’t know what you can’t tolerate, but you’ve already done the thing I can’t stand the most.”

    Cas sius spoke coldly: “The thing I can’t stand the most is someone bullying na. This is thest time I’m answering your call and thest time I’m warning you. Manage your fiancée and your family well, and make sure they stop causing trouble for na. If it happens again, don’t me me for not ying nice.”

    With that. Cas sius hung up the phone without hesitation.

    At that moment, in Windermere Estate

    Thaddeus was standing by the window, staring at the darkened screen. The phone in his hand tightened, as if his heart was being squeezed by an invisible hand.

    With the only person he could contact na through, Cas sius, cutting him off, he felt an unprecedented sense of emptiness and even panic.

    This time, na might truly disappear from his life.

    He might never be able to find her again.

    A sense of indescribable anxiety surged in Thaddeus’s heart. He quickly pulled out a pack of cigarettes from the deep recesses of the drawer. There were only two left.

    His fingers trembled as he put one cigarette between his l*ps. It took a few tries to light it.

    The flickering light of the me reflected Thaddeus’s increasingly strange state.

    For his ex-wife, whom he didn’t love, he started smoking again after quitting for five years.

    In the wee hours of the morning, at Starry Vi’s studio.

    Evadne was alone, dressed in work clothes, busy with work, sweat dripping down her forehead.

    None of these were right!

    None of the diamonds here could match the one in her diamond bracelet!

    Evadne’s eyes reddened and she gritted her teeth and never stopped working.

    All she wanted was to find a diamond identical to the one in her grandfather’s bracelet and fix the bracelet, or else she wouldn’t have the face to see her grandfather.

    Just then, a rumbling sound came from outside Starry Vi, causing the doors to tremble.

    But Evadne didn’t flinch; her mind was solely focused on fixing the diamond bracelet.

    Suddenly, the door was pushed open, and a gust of wind rushed in like a wild tide, forcing Evadne to squint.

    Under the thick night sky, a helicopternded outside the door. The cabin door slowly opened, and a pair of long legs stepped out. The man’s ck coat fluttered in the wind, his handsome face stern and cold.

    “Evadne! I’m back!”

###Chapter 50

    Evadne slowly opened her eyes, a faint sadness lingering in her gaze as she stared at the handsome man before her.

    He appeared as suddenly as the night breeze, kneeling before her with a deep, intent gaze.

    “I heard my little sister doesn’t want to acknowledge her big brother anymore?” He smirked, a twisted mix of malice and affection in his smile.

    “Brother.” Evadne called softly, her voice filled with tenderness.

    “Ah, heard you call me that finally puts my worry to rest.”

    Elvis’ mood instantly lifted. His usually cold gaze was now as warm as the first light of dawn.

    He wrapped one arm tightly around her waist, the other hand pulling out a piece of chocte from his pocket. He ripped the wrapper open with his teeth and fed it to Evadne.

    “This is from abroad, your favorite. Try it.”

    “Elvis!”

    Suddenly, Evadne threw herself into Elvis’ arms, her heart filled with an inexplicable sadness. Tears welled up in her eyes, soaking Elvis’ shirt.

    These tears were filled with longing for her brother, guilt towards their grandpa, anger towards Acacia, and frustration over the broken diamond bracelet and disappointment and pain towards Thaddeus.

    “Evadne? You’re crying?” Elvis was stunned. He gently stroked her n*eck.

    “No.” Evadne murmured.

    “My shirt is soaked, and you’re saying you’re not crying?”

    “I said I’m not!”

    Though her voice trembled, she remained stubborn. Elvis knew Evadne was a girl with a strong sense of pride. She hardly ever cried, so he didn’t press her. He just held her,forting her in silence, his heart aching: Evadne, I’m back. I’ll teach that jerk, Thaddeus, a lesson he won’t forget!

    At that moment, Cas sius and Arnold stood outside the door, watching the scene unfold.

    “Darn it, he’s won again! Evadne has never acted this spoilt in my arms. He’s been away for so long, and as soon as he gets back, he stole my sister away. I hate him!”, Arnoldined, grinding his teeth.

    “The helicopternding in Starry Vi probably caused some damage to the trees and tiles.”

    Cas sius sighed, “I’ll tell Elvister. The cost to repair the garden will be billed to him.”

    By dawn, Evadne still hadn’t found the right diamond and had fallen asleep in the workshop.

    Mr. Louis had prepared a room for her in Starry Vi. Elvis carried her back to her room, gentlyying her down on the bed.

    After tucking her in and giving her a peck on the cheek, he left the room, closing the door behind him.

    “You’re so stingy! Always flying around the world, but can’t bring back something nicer for your sister. Just a piece of chocte! Don’t you think you’re being a bit miserly?” Arnold sneered, crossing his arms.

    “Arnold, can you stop making sarcasticments?” Elvis shot him a look.

    “You should call me big brother!” Arnold frowned.

    “I’m not calling you big brother. What are you going to do about it?”

    Enraged, Arnold tried to kick Elvis but he was no match for him. Elvis easily dodged the attack, and Arnold almost fell over in embarra**ment.

    “You think you’re so great? But you clearly can’t control your own strength!” Elvisughed, clutching his stomach.

    He hadn’tughed so heartily in a long time, not amidst the tense atmosphere at the spy headquarters.

    Cas sius watched his two younger brothers bickering before him, a soft smile appearing on his face, his mind wandering back to their childhoods.

    “Speaking of which, let me show you the gift I prepared for our sister.”

    Excitement shone in Elvis’ eyes as he pulled out a silver briefcase.

    He unlocked theplex lock, revealing its contents. Cas s ius’ expression hardened while Arnold gasped.

    “This gun is a new development from our headquarters. It’s half bullets and half tranquilizer. If she’s in danger, she can shoot to the left and make the guy sleep for three days straight or shoot to the right and make him sleep forever. This lighter is a mini grenade, easy to carry, and can blow up a building or tten a floor. And this!”

    Elvis continued excitedly, “Does our sister like jewelry? I had a ring specially made for her. What do you guys think?”

    Arnold tried to pick it up out of curiosity, but Elvis quickly grabbed his wrist.

    “Don’t touch it. The ring has a poison sp i ke, more potent than any poison nt.”

    “Go d help you,” Cas sius murmured.

    “Evadne is lucky to be alive with a brother like you!” Arnold eximed.

    “You don’t get it. The gifts I give are practical,”

    Elvis squinted his eyes, a cold glint in them, “Those are for that ba stard, Thaddeus. If he dared to mess with my sister, let’s see how she wanted him to die.”

    Arnold was at a loss for words.

    “How long are you nning on staying this time?” Cas sius asked,

    “Probably half a month.”

    Elvis looked regretful, “I have to go abroad for an important mission next month, I need to go back and prepare. Otherwise I’d like to stay with my sister a bit longer.”

    “Work is important, and we’ll take care of our sister, don’t worry.”

    Cas sius paused and then asked softly, “Do you want to go home and see Dad? He mentioned you a few days ago.”

    12.10

    n

    “Forget it. Every time he sees me, he says he wanted to live a few more years. If I see him less, he might live longer.” Elvis waved his hand dismissively, a hint of sadness in his

    eyes.

    Cas sius and Arnold exchanged a nce, both felt a bit uneasy.

    Even Evadne’s slowly warming up to the three chicks Dad brought home, Elvis can’t stomach Dad’s betrayal of Mom.

    So he decided to go to military school, and without a second thought, he’s off being a spy, left his hometown behind.

    But recently, maybe it’s because he’s getting on in years. He’s been missing home more and more, missing the carefree and raucous times with his siblings.

    “Arnold, how about youe to do something with me?”

    Elvis suddenly wrapped his arm around Arnold’s n*eck. They were just bickering, but now they were as thick as thieves, like conjoined twins.

    Did something? Arnold caught on quickly.

    “You go on your own, Evadne said we shouldn’t stir up trouble with Thaddeus on our own. I can’t let my sister down!”

    Arnold ducked out of the way like his brother’s got cooties or something.

    Elvis snorted and grinned wickedly.

###Chapter 51

    Evadne had been cooped up in Starry Vi for a solid three days.

    She was hell-bent on finding a matching diamond to fix the bracelet Grandpa had given her, and she barely slept a wink in those three days. When she was dead tired, she would take a quick nap in her studio, grab a bite of something simple when she woke up, and then return to work.

    Her three brothers were kicked out of the vi during the day, and they would ditch all their social events in the evening toe back and have dinner with her.

    Despite the feast her brothers had prepared for her, she would sit there, poking at her pasta with her fork, looking all down in the dumps.

    Her brothers were at their wit’s end, and they didn’t have a clue how to help her.

    They didn’t know the first thing about jewelry!

    “Ms. Evadne,”

    Evadne snapped out of her thoughts and looked at Mr. Louis listlessly.

    Mr. Louis pulled out a box from behind him that he had prepared beforehand and ced it in front of her.

    “Mr. Louis, what’s this?”

    “Just open it.”

    Evadne furrowed her eyebrows in confusion, and opened the box.

    The moment she saw what was inside the box, she was taken aback, Her hand flew to her mouth, and she stared at the sparkling diamond bracelet.

    Even though there were slight differences, the bracelet in the box was very simr to the one grandpa had given her!

    “This belonged to Mr. Patric, and it was one of his proudest creations. He had intended to give this bracelet to his lover, but he didn’t get the chance in the end.” Mr. Louis said, a hint of regret in his voice.

    “Lover? Mr. Patrick never got married, Who was his lover?” Arnold asked curiously.

    Mr. Louis nced at him, “Who hasn’t had a crush before!”

    “I actually thought Mr. Patrick didn’t like women.”

    Elvis joked, sipping his drink, “So why didn’t he give it to her? Got cold feet?”

    “Mr. Patrick’s lover was a friend he had grown up with. He used to despise her and would often tease her. But after twenty years of being together, Mr. Patrick fell for her without even realizing it. She got married, and he wanted to give her this bracelet as a gift. But she got into a severe car ident on her wedding day and was dered brain dead. She left this world.”

    Upon hearing this, the siblings of the Ashbourne family were taken aback, their hearts filled with sorrow.

    “Since then, Mr. Patrick cut off all emotional connections. He never fell for any other woman again and lived his lonely daysforting his soul. He knew his feelings were still there, he just couldn’t find an outlet. Mr. Patrick wasn’t incapable of love. On the contrary, how many men in this world could love as deeply as Mr. Patrick?”

    Evadne couldn’t help but sigh, a hint of envy in her eyes.

    “But isn’t all this tragedy because Mr. Patrick could not realize his own feelings? Isn’t that just asking for trouble?”

    Cas sius, Arnold, and Evadne all red at Elvis, who drank his drink awkwardly.

    A bitter feeling welled up in Evadne’s heart.

    Mr. Patrick, who seemed so cold and unfeeling, had actually fallen for a woman without realizing it. During her three years of marriage with Thaddeus, did that man ever show her a hint ofpa**ion or affection?

    Did he ever regret it after their divorce?

    Could he? No way.

    If he had any regrets, he wouldn’t have kept hurting her with his words; if he had any regrets, he wouldn’t have sided with those horrible women without knowing the truth and questioning her character.

    After the divorce, she was no longer his wife, and he didn’t even bother to show her basic respect.

    Evadne scoffed in her heart, picked up her **, and downed the drink. The burning sensation in her throat sobered her up instantly.

    Comparing Thaddeus with Mr. Patrick, Mr. Patrick would probably be pis sed.

    “Ms. Evadne, you should take this bracelet. I’vepared it; it’s very simr to your bracelet.” Mr. Louis said seriously as he looked at her.

    “No, I can’t. This is Mr. Patrick’s legacy, and it’s too valuable. I can’t ept it!” Evadne felt a pang in her heart, and quickly pushed the box back towards him.

    “Mr. Patrick left a will, any of you can take his things whenever you want; don’t be shy.”

    Tears welled up in Evadne’s eyes.

    “You’ve been working so hard to fix that bracelet these past few days, and I’ve seen it all. That bracelet must mean a lot to you. You’re a good kid, Mr. Patrick would have wanted you to have this bracelet. Just take it” Mr. Louis said with a loving smile and shoved the box into her hands.

    The Ashbourne siblings left Starry Vi that night, bidding Mr. Louis goodbye.

    Their luxury car made its way toward Elmsworth.

    Evadne was leaning against Cas sius, her eyes half-closed from exhaustion, clutching the box tightly in her arms.

    “Evadne, there’s something I need to tell you. The night you came back to Skyrim, Thaddeus contacted me.” Cas sius said, his voice a bit h oa rse.

    “I know.” Evadne’s heart ached, but she responded casually.

    “I told him to stop contacting you, and I said some pretty harsh things to him. I don’t know what he thinks now.”

    “You did good. I’m way too good for him. There’s no way he could easily get to me. I’m the girlfriend of the CEO of the K Group.”

    “Yes, you’re the goddess in all the Ashbourne men’s hearts.” Cas sius looked at her with a loving smile.

    11.21

    “Bro, phone.” Evadne reached out for his phone.

    Cas sius was lost for words, handing her his phone. “The pa**code is your birthday.”

    “I know.”

    Evadne scrolled through his contacts, decisively adding Thaddeus to the block list.

    “You’re quite decisive,” Cas sius chuckled.

    “How will he ever remember what you said if I don’t cut him offpletely?” Evadne’s eyes were icy as she spoke of her ex-husband.

    Thaddeus was barely eating or sleeping these past few days because his ex-wife had ghosted entirely him.

    na had vanished, and Hamiltion was hounding him with calls every day, nagging him more than a love-struck teen girl.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, should we call the cops?” Gordon suggested from the side.

    He tried to help Thaddeus brainstorm, “We could report her missing. Technically, you and na aren’t divorced yet, you’re still husband and wife. It’s normal for a husband to report his wife missing. There’s no way we can’t find her.”

    “This is your brilliant idea?” Thaddeus shot him a discontent look.

    “Well, what else are we supposed to do? na’s disappeared off the face of the earth. She doesn’t have a phone, no friends, even the only person who could reach her won’t give you the time of day.”

    Thaddeus red at his clueless secretary, wishing he could just shut him up.

    Last night, he tried calling Cas sius only to find out he’d been blocked!

    For the first time, Thaddeus experienced what it felt like to be thrown into the abyss. He sat there, head spinning, thoughts chaotic. It took a good ten minutes before he collected himself.

    The feeling of being oppressed and being humiliated stung deep.

    Thaddeus stood up, grabbed his suit jacket from the coat rack, and headed for the door.

    “Get the car ready, and we’re going to K Orld Hotel!”

    Once back in Skyrim, Evadne threw herself into work.

    Jason had been leading the senior team in meetings these past few days, running the show. Seeing Ms. Evadne back in high spirits, he finally rxed.

    The hotel’s upancy rate had increased by 20% recently. Not an earth-shattering achievement, but progress nheless.

    Evadne had recently re-nned the hotel’s breakfast, lunch, and dinner menus and even held a food festival. Now, they had more and more customersing specifically for the food. The ie from just the dining section was already pretty impressive.

    But for Evadne, these achievements were far from enough.

    She was ambitious, and she wanted the K Orld Hotel to grow stronger and surpa** the Abernathy group’s hotels.

    In marriage, she had suffered a crushing defeat.

    But in business, she was determined not to lose to Thaddeus!

    “Did I hear right that someone actually booked our Presidential Suitest night? The one that’s been vacant for two years?”

    Evadne casually asked while looking over financial reports.

    “Guess who booked it?” Jason gently ma**aged Ms. Evadne’s shoulders from behind, his hands skilled.

    “It’s not Jareth again, is it?”

    “It’s Glynnis.”

    Evadne’s eyes lit up, and she immediately asked, “Why would she book such a big room?”

    “ording to our room service staff, she was throwing a party with three friends. Later in the night, two tall models sl*pped into her room, and they kept busy all night. Good thing our hotel has good soundproofing. The models left the Presidential Suite around five in the morning, probably to avoid suspicion.”

    “I’ve heard Glynnis’s personal life is quite a mess. But two men for three women, isn’t that a bit much?”

    Evadne’s tone was distaste, “Make sure the cleaners do a thorough job when they check out. The sheets, the duvet, we’re throwing them all out. I’m worried other guests might get sick.”

    Just then, Jason’s phone rang. It was a call from one of the managers.

    He answered and listened for a bit, his face quickly darkening.

    “What happened?” Evadne asked sharply.

    “Ms. Evadne, Glynnis is making a scene in the lobby. She imed that our staff stole something from her and wanted an exnation now!”

###Chapter 52

    The hotel lobby was already buzzing with curious guests.

    “Dear guest, please calm down. You’re a respectable person. Making a scene here doesn’t look good on you. We can discuss any issues in the meeting room.” The lobby manager was desperately trying to calm down Glynnis.

    “So, even high-status guests like me get robbed by your hotel? What does this mean for the ordinary guests? They must be having it even worse!” Glynnis fiercely pped the marble front desk, ring at the lobby manager.

    People around were giving sideways nces, some recognized Glynnis.

    They knew she was the daughter of the Abernathy family, but her current behavior made her look like a low-** person.

    “I didn’t steal anything.” The female waitress mumbled, head hung low.

    “You dare to argue back?” Glynnis’s sharp red nails jabbed at the waitress’s face.

    The girl might have been blinded if it weren’t for the manager’s intervention.

    “My n*e was on the sink. Did it just grow legs and walk away?”

    “I did clean the room, but I wasn’t the only person there.” The waitress was pale, but she refused to admit to any wrongdoing.

    “What are you implying? Are you suspecting us?” One of Glynnis’s friends retorted angrily.

    “We are from wealthy families. Why would we steal your n*e? It was poor people like you who would resort to stealing.” Another friend of Glynnis chimed in.

    “I thought the Ashbourne family’s hotel would have good security, but the service is terrible, not even close to the Abernathy family’s hotel standards!” Glynnis crossed her arms, sneering.

    The lobby manager’s face turned grave.

    The guests of the K Orld Hotel were usually high-** people, and he hadn’t seen such a difficult person in a long time.

    “Glynnis, you’re smearing our hotel’s reputation and attacking our staff before anything is clear. Do you think that’s appropriate?”

    The voice was pleasant, like a gentle breeze, cold and elegant.

    Everyone was drawn to a beautiful woman in a white suit.

    Evadne walked in emotionless; in her towering high heels, she exuded an imposing aura.

    Evadne’s presence took aback Glynnis’s friends.

    “How are you here?” Glynnis was surprised, and she gave na a disgusted look.

    Evadne, dressed in a tailored suit and designer heels, sporting a pair of expensive sapphire earrings, disyed her extraordinary status.

    People around were admiring her quietly. They didn’t know Evadne’s real identity, but her beauty attracted them.

    In contrast, Glynnis and her friends looked tacky, like a bunch of clowns.

    At this moment, Thaddeus and Gordon walked into the hotel lobby.

    Seeing his ex-wife, who had been missing for almost a week, suddenly appear before him, Thaddeus’s heart fluttered, and a hint of joy shed in his eyes.

    His gaze was fixed on her.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! It’s na!”

    Gordon was excited, but his expression quickly changed. “Glynnis is here too? Many people are watching them. What happened?”

    Thaddeus had a bad feeling as soon as he saw Glynnis. He wanted to go over and see what happened, but he suddenly stopped.

    “Wait, let’s watch first.”

    The misunderstood waitress, seeing Evadne arrive, felt both heartbroken and wronged. Her tears fell.

    “Manager.”

    “So you’re the manager here. Do you miss your life with the Abernathy family?” Glynnis said with a smile.

    “Is that so? I don’t think so. I feel my life now is much better than before.”

    Evadne slightly raised her eyebrows, and her smile held a hint of challenge. “At least now, I live like a human being.”

    Her words clearly entered Thaddeus’s ears.

    Thaddeus was taken aback, and he felt extremely ufortable.

    What did she mean by that? Didn’t he treat her well during their three years of marriage? Besides theck of love for na, he felt he provided her with the life of a president’s wife. In the Abernathy family, she lived a wealthy life with ser vants tending to her, and she didn’t suffer at all, and he even gave her a supplementary card, he was never stingy with her in terms of money.

    Although, na never spent a penny from that card in those three years, it was much better than when she worked as a caregiver in a sanatorium.

    How dare she speak like that? As if she had experienced a lot of hardships and suffered a lot of abuse!

    Thaddeus got angrier. The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to go over and confront her directly.

    “Now that you’re the manager here, I won’t hold back. It would be best if you gave me an exnation for what happened today. Eitherpensate me with a n*e exactly like the one I lost, it’s not that expensive, just over 200 grand. Or send this dishonest waitress to the police station. And you, as the manager, you must apologize to me in front of everyone. Money is not the issue. What I can’t bear is this kind of urrence.” Glynnis nonchntly said, running her fingers through her hair.

    She wouldn’t let people know na used to be her sister-inw. She felt that was too humiliating.

    Now na had to bow her head to her. She had outshone everyone at the charity auction, now, without the halo of being President Ashbourne’s lover, na was just an ordinary employee. She would teach her a lesson this time.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, na is being bullied!” Gordon, who never liked Glynnis, was now extremely anxious.

    11/2

    11:31

    “Just wait a bit longer.”

    Thaddeus patiently waited for na’s response. His curiosity about his ex-wife was much stronger than most people’s.

    He’d never seen na in work mode before. To him, she was just a stay-at-home mom.

    Working in a hotel in the service industry was no pic. He was curious to see if she could handle the problem of Glynnis, now that Cas sius had promoted her to manager.

    “Glynnis, your n*e is worth over 200,000. That’s more than enough for us to call the cops and get them to investigate this theft. If you really want to recover your loss, we can help you report it. After all, the sooner you report, the greater the chance of finding your n*e. And once the police are involved, all hotel staff, including myself, will fully cooperate. All surveince equipment and staff’s personal belongings can be checked by the police with a search warrant.” Evadne exined seriously.

    The people around them started to chime in.

    “Absolutely, this kind of thing should be reported right away! What’s the point of bullying the hotel staff?”

    “I think she probably just misced it and forgot. Pointing fingers at the hotel staff won’t help.”

    Glynnis snapped, “What’s the point of calling the cops? The thief must have already moved my n*e!”

    “I’m not a thief! I didn’t steal your stuff!” The waitress was fuming, her whole b*dy shaking.

    “Our hotel has high-definition cameras in all areas except the washrooms, bathrooms, and staff changing rooms. And after the incident, I immediately controlled all the room department staff. If someone stole your stuff, the stolen goods should still be in the hotel. That person wouldn’t have had time to move your n*e,” Evadne finished, waving her phone. “And I’ve already called the cops. They should be here in about ten minutes. As for the apology you want, once everything is settled, I’ll apologize to you if it’s our fault.”

    Everyone admired her handling of the situation.

    “na’s really something; her situation handling is wless!” Gordon eximed, practically bing an na fan.

    Thaddeus gave him a cold look. na’s handling of the situation was indeed perfect.

    He had to admit that the na who had just handled the situation was calm, clever, a**ertive, and polite, with a leader’s demeanor. Was this the same timid ex-wife he used to know?

    “Fine, you said it yourself. I didn’t force you!” Glynnis gritted her teeth.

    “Of course, as the hotel manager, I should be responsible for my guests, but only if we’re actually in the wrong.”

    Evadne had a smile on her face, but there was no humor in her eyes.

    Just then, Jason hurried back with the room department manager. They held a stic bag carefully as if they were collecting evidence.

    “We found it! We found the guest’s n*e!”

    Everyone was shocked out of their wits.

    Glynnis and her two friends were also taken aback.

###Chapter 53

    Jason ced the n*e directly in front of Glynnis, his eyes cold as if he was conducting some business matter.

    “Glynnis, is this the n*e you lost?”

    Glynnis took the n*e and let out a scream, “Ah! My n*e, what happened to it? Who did this?”

    Everyone’s eyes were on the n*e. The luxurious n*e was actually broken into several sections.

    “Our manager heard about your lost n*e and immediately had me thoroughly search the presidential suite. We found your n*e under the s. But when we found it, it was already like this, and we don’t know the exact reason, Jason calmly replied.

    “Did you see that? I told you she was lying. She forgot where she left her stuff and then med the hotel. She thinks she can nder the hotel staff just because she paid

    “Oh my Go d, that diamond is huge! Who would wear such an exaggerated n*e? Isn’t that asking for trouble?!”

    Hearing the surrounding mockery, Glynnis’s face instantly changed. She angrily said, “So, what if you found it? Can this prove that your staff didn’t steal my n*e? She must have stolen my n*e but couldn’t sell it, so she hid it under the sofa to sell it after we left!”

    “I didn’t! I didn’t!”

    The waitress couldn’t argue with Glynnis, and she was so angry she could hardly breathe.

    “If it was theft, the person who stole your n*e wouldn’t break the intact n*e. This is not something inconvenient to carry.”

    Evadne said indifferently, “I think this was done on purpose, not to steal, but to resent your n*e, like she was jealous of you.”

    Hearing this, Glynnis was stunned.

    Her two friends also looked shocked, and they were immediately rendered speechless.

    “Since our hotel has found your n*e, there has been no theft by employees. If you want to continue pursuing this, I will be with you to the end.”

    Evadne finished. She nced at Glynnis’s friends behind her, “My secretary was cautious when he took the n*e. The police will arrive soon, and you can hand the n*e to the police for fingerprint identification. This diamond is so big, it should not be difficult to take fingerprints.”

    “Yeah, fingerprint identification!”

    “Great idea! That’s what we should do!”

    The surrounding people also began to get rowdy.

    The two friends’ faces turned pale, and they quickly pulled Glynnis. “Enough, you are from the Abernathy family. Any more fuss and it’s a disgrace. Let’s go.”

    Glynnis also felt that making a fuss would only make her aughing stock, so she stuffed the n*e into her bag and left with her head held high.

    “Hold on.” Evadne suddenly called out to her coldly.

    “What do you want now?”

    “Now that the n*e has been found, and you have no evidence that our staff stole it. You just humiliated our hotel staff in front of so many guests. Don’t you think you should exin?”

    “Exin? Ha, I’m a guest while your hotel service is so bad, and you want me to exin. Have you lost your mind?” Glynnisughed out loud.

    “How can she talk like that? Is she really the daughter of the Abernathy family?” Other guestsmented discontentedly.

    “We all saw how that waitress apologized to her, and she was almost on her knees begging her, what more does she want!”

    “That’s right! She’s so harsh!”

    The waitress was huddled in a corner, tears silently falling down her face.

    “If there’s a problem with our hotel staff’s service, you canin. But using our staff of theft is another matter. You should at least apologize.” Evadne’s eyes showed a cold determination.

    “You want me to apologize to her? I came here to spend money, and you want me to apologize to a waitress? What kind of manager are you?!”

    Glynnis was about to explode with anger, but then she heard the sound of someone falling.

    The waitress actually fell to the ground, stiff as a board. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she started to convulse!

    Everyone, including Glynnis, was stunned. Only Evadne immediately took action, kneeling beside the waitress.

    She loosened the girl’s belt and the ck vest she was wearing, making sure she had a clear airway.

    But at this point, foam was alreadying out of the girl’s mouth!

    “She’s having a seizure, Jason! Call an ambnce!”

    Evadne ordered while tilting the girl’s head to prevent her from choking on her own saliva.

    “I’ve already called an ambnce, and they’reing!”

    A deep and maic voice surprised Evadne.

    She turned her head to see Thaddeus standing behind her, impably dressed, his handsome figure attracting much attention.

    Their eyes met. It was as if time had stopped at that moment, even the breathing seemed to have been paused.

    “It’s Mr. Thaddeus! It’s really Mr. Thaddeus!” Someone recognized him.

    “Brother.” Glynnis didn’t expect Thaddeus to show up, and she was very nervous.

    She was somewhat afraid of Thaddeus, even though Elspeth always badmouthed him as an illegitimate child. It was undeniable that Thaddeus was the one who had the final say in the Abernathy group.

    11:32

    “Gordon, take Glynnis away first, quickly.” Thaddeus said coldly.

    People were already secretly taking photos and videos. Any further dy and Glynnis might ruin the reputation of the Abernathy group.

    Gordon didn’t dare to dy any longer, and he immediately pulled Glynnis away.

    Evadne sneered in her heart, and she moved her gaze away from him.

    Yes, this was Thaddeus, cold and ruthless.

    He wouldn’t consider who was right or wrong, and he only considered immediate interests, and the image of the Abernathy family in public.

    “Darn it! She’s going to bite her tongue!” Jason yelled in panic.

    Evadne’s heart tightened, and in a moment of desperation, she actually shoved her own wrist into the girl’s mouth!

    The girl suddenly bit her slender and beautiful wrist. a chilling pain spread throughout her b*dy instantly, but she didn’t show any sign of pain, bearing the agony.

    Thaddeus shuddered, wanted to stop her, but it was toote.

    He watched as she used her own b*dy to save someone, her petite figure showed a fearless courage and the kindness of a healer,

    This scene gave Thaddeus a long-lost shock.

    Suddenly, what appeared in his mind was the thin figure of Paloma.

    On the battlefield those years ago, Paloma had also saved him in this way.

    “Don’t lose hope! We’re going to make it! We must make it!”

    Later, in the chaos of the battlefield, he didn’t find Paloma, but he discovered that blo ody rope, not knowing how those hands were now. Thaddeus felt very ufortable, and he didn’t know what was wrong with him. Why would he see Paloma’s shadow in na?

    Soon, the ambnce arrived, and the waiter was taken onto the truck.

    Evadne, not a**ured, had Jason apany them to the hospital.

    “Miss, thanks to your first aid, you bought us precious time, or the patient might be in great danger!” the medical staff praised.

    “Just doing what I could, as long as the person is okay.” Evadne gave a light smile.

    Back at the hotel, the lobby manager had already handled the aftermath, and the crowd had dispersed.

    Evadne looked at the deep bite mark and blood stain on her right wrist. Only then did she feel the pain and headed towards the hotel’s medical room.

    “na.”

    Thaddeus had already caught up to her as soon as she turned around, his eyes unusually gloomy.

    They were too close, close enough to hear each other’s breathing.

    Just half a step forward, and they could be pressed tightly together.

    Evadne was confused for a moment but quickly reacted. She was about to take a step back.

    But at this moment, Thaddeus suddenly grabbed her arm and pulled hard.

    The next second, she bumped into his arms without warning, like hitting a warm wall.

    Did he wear a bulletproof vest under his shirt? How can his chest be so hard?

    “Thaddeus, mind your behavior in public,” Evadne said lightly, and she struggled to break free from his embrace, but to no avail.

    “Where have you been these days? You just disappeared. Why did you do that?” Thaddeus’s ck eyes stared at her intently, his grip tight. “What does it have to do with you? We have nothing to do with each other.”

    が

    Evadne sneered. He was still so self-righteous to this day, “It’s only normal that you can’t find me because I don’t want to see you.”

    “na,e with me.” Thaddeus’s eyes were gloomy, his voice low and cold.

    “Thaddeus, let me go and leave here now!”

    Evadne gritted her teeth, finally losing patience, “If you don’t let go, I’m calling security!”

    Thaddeus felt a surge of anger burning in his heart, and his pupils quickly contracted.

    Was she now keeping her distance from him? She used to like him so much, and was so gentle to him. Did she not like him anymore? Competition, possession, and those indescribable desires were instantly triggered.

    “Even if you call Cas sius here today, he can’t stop me from taking you away!”

###Chapter 54

    Evadne’s gaze was sharp as a dagger and full of indifference.

    “Seems like Miss Acacia has been taking good care of you, Mr. Thaddeus. You’ve be even more shameless.”

    “Don’t drag others into our issues,” Thaddeus retorted angrily.

    “Keep your distance if you don’t want to hear nastier words. Apart from the divorce proceedings, I don’t want anything to do with you. Goodbye!”

    Maybe because he had gotten used to na’s expecting look over the past three years, her eyes always sparkled when she saw him. But now, her eyes were as dull as a dud when she looked at him, made him feel like he had fallen into an ice cave, his b*dy gradually losing its warmth.

    “I won’t let you go!”

    Evadne sneered, “Just because you say so? Do you think I’m your pet dog, obeying your everymand?”

    “You don’t have to belittle yourself, and I didn’t mean it that way.” Thaddeus frowned in displeasure.

    “Belittling myself? Ha, Thaddeus, you’re too naive. Can’t you detect sarcasm? I’m telling you, I hate you. Stop bothering me!”

    Evadne’s eyes were red, trying to pull her hand from his grip.

    But Thaddeus was a stubborn man. The more she struggled, the harder he held her,pletely disregarding the saying ‘cherish the fair S**.’

    “Ah.” Evadne winced in pain.

    She tightly clutched her right arm with her left hand, a thinyer of sweat forming on her forehead.

    Thaddeus realized something was wrong and quickly let go of her hand.

    He looked down to see a ring of blood in his palm.

    He had touched her wound in his haste to take her away, forgetting that the injury on her wrist wasn’t treated yet.

    He was too careless.

    “I’ll take you to the infirmary now,” Thaddeus said, his voice heavy and h oa rse.

    “Leave now, or I’m calling the police,” Evadne growled.

    “na.”

    “Get lost!”

    Evadne had had enough. Her heart was like her hand, full of scars.

    They were married for three years, and he didn’t care about her, not even touching her fingers.

    Now that they were divorced, he came to pester her, even resorting to physical contact. Did he think she had be less annoying?

    How ironic!

    Thaddeus was taken aback by her roar, his face turning pale.

    “You’re telling me to get lost? When we got married, you insisted on it. Where was this tough attitude when you were my wife?”

    “Because I loved you back then,” Evadne said, her eyes red and swollen,ughing bitterly.

    Thaddeus felt a pang in his heart, and his breathing became heavy.

    “When I loved you, you could do whatever you wanted with me. Now that I don’t, all the good things are gone. Don’t tell me you’re still foolish enough to think you can enjoy th benefits of our past rtionship after we’re divorced. It’s over, Thaddeus. I don’t love you, you’re worthless.”

    Evadne lifted her chin proudly, turning away without hesitation.

    “na, do you think I would want to find you if it wasn’t for my grandfather? Do you know how much he missed you? How anxious he was for not being able to contact you?”

    Thaddeus’s eyes were also red and swollen. He retorted, “You always say you respect our grandfather. Now what? Do you think he’s old and confused that you can easily deceive him?”

    Evadne’s breath hitched, her fists clenched tightly.

    Grandfather was indeed something she couldn’t ignore in her heart, and also a knot between her and Thaddeus that couldn’t be untied.

    Evadne was a woman who valued rtionships and righteousness. She would keep her promises even if she had to go through hell and high water. She promised to spend his birthday with him before getting a divorce, and she would never break her promise.

    Even if the process was excruciating.

    “I didn’t go back on my word, and I’ll visit grandfather in a few days.”

    “Now.”

    “What?”

    “Go with me to see him now. He hasn’t been able to sleep well for five days, and he can’t eat his dinner without seeing you.”

    Thaddeus’s patience seemed to have reached its limit. Even his breathing was filled with impatience, “Don’t let him down, na.”

    In the end, Evadne gave in.

    She indeed had ulterior motives when she took care of Hamilton at the nursing home that year. She didn’t expect to marry Thaddeus at that time, and she just wanted to do something for him, to have more chances to meet him.

    Later, day by day, she fell more in love with this adorable older man.

    Although Hamilton was old, he was sharp and wise. Even when he wasn’t at the helm of the Abernathy Group, he still paid attention to some crucial decisions of the group. His asional advice always enlightened the young people of the Abernathy family.

    And by his side, Evadne learned a lot of knowledge. She told everything she learned to Cas sius, which came in handy when she was managing the hotel.

    11:32

    So, grandfather was not only her family but also her mentor.

    Thaddeus apanied Evadne to the infirmary. The doctor happened to be out, so she skillfully took out a bandage to wrap her wound.

    “I’ll do it.” The man’s face was cold as he leaned in.

    She sidestepped, her expression frosty, “No need.”

    Thaddeus was just as stubborn as her. He either wouldn’t care at all, or he would see things through to the end.

    So he grabbed her hand, his grip firm, his tone firm, “na, behave.”

    Evadne froze, the cold touch alreadying from her wrist.

    Thaddeus carefully treated her wound, the cotton swab lightly touching the wound.

    His eyshes were slightly curled, the lines of his wrist clear. When he exerted force, the veins on his wrist subtly showed, contrasting with his skin, extremely good-looking.

    Some people unted their charm intentionally, while some just stood there quietly, exuding charm naturally.

    Thaddeus was expressionless, carefully examining the wound on her hand.

    Her hand was rougher than he had imagined, but it was as soft as cotton.

    Her skin was delicate, but her fingertips were full of thin calluses, giving a sense of vicissitudes that didn’t match her age.

    Suddenly, a tingling sensation hit the depths of Thaddeus’s mind: blurry moonlight, fluttering curtains, lingering figures.

    All were unfamiliar scenes, but they all felt familiar.

    Thaddeus took a deep breath topose himself.

    He never had such feelings for Acacia. Why would he have this awkward desire for her, his ex-wife who always pushed his buttons?

    It really made no sense.

    Evadne felt the burning heating from his fingertips. Her heart also heated up for a moment, and she quickly tried to pull back her hand.

    Evadne: “That’s enough.”

    Thaddeus: “Bandaging the wound.”

    The man disagreed, holding her hand tightly with his fingertips, his eyes filled with a cold smile, “Have you been doing heavybor these past few days? Your fingers are so rough, all calluses.”

    “No, I’ve been cleaning.” Evadne knew this man was very particr about cleanliness, so she purposely annoyed him.

    “na, can you talk normally?” Thaddeus frowned.

    “I am speaking normally; if you can’t understand, it means we’re not on the same wavelength.”

    Evadne raised her nose, her eyes squinting into a line,ughing with a face full of slyness and provocation.

    Thaddeus felt a surge of anger, and this woman had be more and morewless now that she had a backer.

    But he also found it intriguing.

    He wouldn’t know that na could be this lively if they hadn’t divorced.

    Although Evadne was only slightly injured, Thaddeus was very experienced in treating it. Years of affluent living didn’t make him a useless person who could only make money. She had her brother, Bet Waverley, check his background. Thaddeus had done very well in military school.

    asionally, there was somepetition. The only one who could match him was her brother Elvis.

    In fact, in terms of cun ning and strategy, he was more suitable to be a secret agent than Elvis. He could also take Bet’s position. But as a son of the Abernathy family. only path he could take was to be the heir of the Abernathy group.

    However, after retiring from the military and going into business, Thaddeus made a name for himself.

    Born smart, he was like a legend.

    It’s just a pity that Acacia ruined his lifetime of reputation.

    Evadne’s mouth twitched coldly. Never mind, if he wanted to find trouble, let him be.

    She wanted to stay away from him, enjoy her freedom, and be beautiful on her own.

    The two arrived at the parking lot.

    Just as Evadne was about to get into her Bugatti, Thaddeus suddenly stopped her.

    “Where are you going?”

    “Where can I go? I’m going to get my car.”

    “Get in my car.” Thaddeus was firm.

    “See you, and I didn’t want to ride with you.”

    Evadne waved her hand casually, but she didn’t expect Thaddeus to open the car door without saying a word, his other hand fiercely pulling her waist, pushing her directly into the car, and quickly closing the door.

    “Hey! What are you doing?! Kidnapping me?!” Evadne’s face turned red angrily, beating on the car door in protest.

    “I don’t trust you, na.”

    Thaddeus leaned on the car roof with his left arm, bending over to look at her.

    His half-closed eyes revealed a strange depth as if she was his captive bird, unable to escape.

    “You’re full of tricks, and I have to be on guard.”

###Chapter 55

    On the road, Evadne sat next to Thaddeus, her gaze fixed out the window, not sparing him even a nce.

    He could feel her coldness and rejection toward him.

    Thaddeus would sneak a few nces at her, wanting to start a conversation but unable to find the words.

    Hamilton’s private mansion was located in Havenbrook, Elmsworth, surrounded by mountains, tranquil and peaceful.

    “Grandpa, I’m here to see you!”

    Evadne burst into a bright smile as soon as she entered, her voice as melodious as a nightingale. It was like a crescent moon.

    But deep inside, she was slightly anxious about the diamond bracelet. She had to psych herself up a bit before she could muster the courage to enter.

    “Is that na? I’ve missed you!” Hamilton, seated in his wheelchair, was wheeled out by Mr. Murray.

    His spirits instantly lifted upon seeing na, as if his eyebrows wanted to fly off his face.

    “Where have you been these past few days, na? Have you forgotten about me? Do you not like me anymore?”

    Hamilton grabbed Evadne’s hand and fired off a barrage of questions.

    Thaddeus felt a bit peeved.

    He thought to himself, this older man sure was a fun character. His age hasn’t dampened his lively spirit. If he were younger, he’d definitely be a hoot. Even Jareth would probably call him a master.

    “Grandpa, I’ve been busy with work recently and had to go on a business trip so that I couldn’t contact you. It’s my fault. Feel free to scold me,” Evadne apologized sweetly, squatting down with a smile.

    “How could I scold you? Just seeing you makes me happy,” Hamilton replied, shooting Thaddeus a re. “If it weren’t for a certain annoying grandson, I could see na daily. No need to go through all this trouble!”

    Evadneughed softly, at a loss for words.

    Thaddeus was not pleased. He knew he shouldn’t havee tonight. It was just asking for trouble.

    “na, I’ve got a new painting here. I haven’t shown anyone else yet, saved it for you!” Hamilton excitedly led Evadne by the hand towards his study.

    “You just want me to authenticate it for you, don’t you?” Evadne teased with a twi nkle in her eye.

    “Haha, you got me!”

    Thaddeus, standing behind Evadne, marveled at her.

    He had been married to her for three years, yet he never knew she had so many talents. She could race cars, write calligraphy, tailor clothes, and even authenticate art.

    He couldn’t believe that one person could possess so many skills so he wanted to see for himself.

    In the study, Mr. Murray had already donned white gloves and carefully unfurled a painting on the long table.

    “Evadne, this is my new acquisition. Please take a look for me,” Hamilton anticipated.

    “Alright, Grandpa.”

    Evadne stood in front of the painting, picking up a magnifying ** and bending over to take a closer look, her left hand behind her back.

    Thaddeus watched her concentrate, his expression still cold, but the corners of his mouth unconsciously curled up.

    She was beautiful and delicate on the outside, but inside, she was like a knowledgeable old sage. It was intriguing.

    Hamilton noticed the diamond bracelet on Evadne’s wrist. His eyes lit up, but the kind smile on his face didn’t wane.

    “This was a work by a famous artist,” Evadne confidently dered with a smile.

    “You’re right,” Hamilton confirmed, nodding his head.

    Thaddeus squinted slightly, silently moving closer to the painting and, consequently, her.

    “The painting bears a unique mark. Although there are no records to confirm its authenticity, the trees are primarily depicted in a twisted pose, characteristic of this artist. The brushwork is delicate, the spirit is excellent, and the forests are fresh.”

    Evadne calmly appraised the painting, her knowledge of art apparent.

    Thaddeus was entranced, his gaze lingering on her profile, his expression growing more intense.

    “However, Grandpa, I’m sorry to say that this painting is not an original. It’s a reproduction done by someone who imitated the artist’s style. But their brushwork was indeed reminiscent of the original artist,” Evadne revealed.

    Because the original was hanging in Emeric’s private studio. Haha!

    “Ah? That’s a bummer! I got it wrong again!” Hamilton sighed, looking at his wrist like a child who’d made a mistake.

    Evadne subtly raised her eyelids, her gaze meeting Thaddeus’s overly intense stare.

    She flinched slightly, quickly lowering her head. Her face was half-hidden by her hair, and despite her best efforts to control it, a hint of shyness still showed in her eyes.

    Thaddeus’s heart raced, his breath hot and heavy.

    Just then, his phone vibrated in his pocket.

    Thaddeus took it out and nced at it. Seeing “Acacia” shing on the screen, he stepped away to answer the call.

    Thaddeus leaned against the wall in the hallway, his eyes locked on the name “Acacia” as he answered.

    “Thaddeus, are you still mad at me?”

    Acacia’s sobbing voice came through before Thaddeus could reply.

    “I’m not mad anymore,” he answered emotionlessly but Acacia could tell he was still upset.

    11:32

    “Then can youe see me? I really missed you. I missed you so much I couldn’t sleep.” Acacia pleaded with a soft, sweet voice.

    “I can’t tonight, and I have to stay with Grandpa.”

    “Are you at Grandpa’s house? Then I’lle over. Didn’t you say you wanted to introduce me to him more often? I just made your favorite dessert, the one we used to sneakily eat at the end of the alley when we were kids. I also made one for Grandpa to try my cooking.” Acacia cooed sweetly.

    “Acacia, it’s really not a good time tonight.”

    Hearing her mention their shared past, Thaddeus’s heart softened, and his tone warmed up. “na’s here at Grandpa’s house right now. It might be awkward if youe over. You know how much Grandpa likes her.”

    “You’re with na right now?” Acacia’s voice trembled.

    “Yes, Grandpa’s been wanting to see hertely. I brought her over for him.”

    “So it’s really because Grandpa wanted to see her? Not because you wanted to see her. Thaddeus?” Acacia sobbed, full of resentment.

    “No, it’s not like that. Don’t overthink it,” Thaddeus rea**ured.

    “Why is that woman so shameless? She’s already divorced. Why does she keep meddling in our rtionship? She must be the one secretly sabotaging my rtionship with Grandpa! Using Grandpa to suppress me, how could she be so shameless?” Acacia was so mad that her teeth were itching.

    Thaddeus rubbed his aching temple, sighing.

    In the study, Evadne thought about the deep gaze Thaddeus had just fixed on her, and her heart trembled.

    Seriously, why was she blushing like that? She had no self-control!

    Thaddeus’s eyes were just naturally attractive. Everything he looked at probably seemed so loving and tender!

    “na,” Hamilton suddenly called out to her.

    “Oh, grandpa,” Evadne snapped back from her thoughts, smiling sweetly.

    “You really seem to like the diamond bracelet I gave you. You’re always wearing it.”

    Evadne’s heart was pounding, her thoughts in utter chaos, her throat as if clogged up with cement.

    “Grandpa.”

    “You keep that on, okay? The bracelet has sentimental value.”

    Hamilton smiled warmly. “Yesterday, I had Mr. Murray sort through your grandma’s jewelry. I found some pieces that would suit you. Take them with you when you leave. You keep them. I’m getting old, and the future is unpredictable. I used to think that Thaddeus could take care of you for a lifetime, but now it seems he’s not that reliable, just like his unambitious father, I hope you’ll be safe and smooth in the future, but just in case. These jewels should be enough for you to live a worry-free life. na? What’s wrong?”

    Hamilton suddenly froze, feeling helpless despite his long life experience.

    Evadne hung her head, standing in front of him like a punished child. Her slender shoulders were shaking, and tears filled her eyes, finally condensing on her long eyshes and falling drop by drop.

    “Grandpa, I’m sorry.”

    Evadne remembered how she had stayed by Grandpa’s side, hiding her identity for Thaddeus. Thinking about Grandpa’s care over the years and how she failed to protect the bracelet he gave her.

    All sorts of feelings welled up, guilt-ridden, she burst into tears.

    “Hey, why are you crying?! Don’t cry.” Hamilton was very nervous, quickly pulling out his handkerchief to wipe her tears.

    Thaddeus, who was standing outside the door, also heard the crying. He quickly looked towards the study.

    He was taken aback by his ex-wife crying her eyes out like a mess. His heart suddenly contracted, and he could hardly hold his phone steady.

###Chapter 56

    On the other end of the line, Acacia was also crying her eyes out.

    “She knows my rtionship with Grandpa is rocky, and she’s using that against me. How could she be so ruthless?!”

    The look of shock in Thaddeus’s eyes said it all so he had no clue what she was on about.

    The woman in front of him was crying. It wasn’t a pretty sight, but her sorrow was palpable. Every tear she shed was a punch to the gut.

    “na, what the hell’s going on? Don’t scare Grandpa like that!” Despite having weathered many storms, Hamilton was clearly shaken by the young girl’s tears.

    Evadne was sobbing uncontrobly. “Grandpa, I identally broke the bracelet. I’ve been trying to fix it these past few days, but it’s no use. So, I thought maybe I could make an exact replica. I just didn’t want you to be upset. I’m sorry, Grandpa. I lied to you. I’m sorry.”

    Evadne was crying so hard that her b*dy was convulsing, and her hands were soaked with tears.

    She was so pitiful it hurt.

    Listening to her disjointed so bs, Thaddeus felt a jolt run through him.

    He finally understood what she’d been up to these past few days and why her fingertips were covered in callouses. She’d been trying to fix the bracelet grandpa had given her.

    Suddenly, he felt as if the glinting tear drops were searing his heart, bitterness, and sorrow spreading within him.

    “Oh dear, such a small matter!”

    Hamilton sped Evadne’s hand sympathetically, torn betweenughter and tears. “The moment you walked in, I knew you weren’t wearing the bracelet I gave you. I figured something must have happened to it. Why else wouldn’t you be wearing it? But I wasn’t mad at you at all. Your grandma has plenty of bracelets, a whole box full! I wanted to give them to you, but I was afraid you wouldn’t ept them. That’s why I picked out the best one for you and made up all those stories, just to get you to ept it.” Your grandma used to joke that all these trinkets were a burden. She even told me not to let these things follow her if she were to pa** away because they’d take up space!”

    Upon hearing this, Evadne’s furrowed brows rxed slightly, but her eyes were still filled with tears, and her nose was a bright red.

    “Thaddeus! Where the hell are you?!”

    Hamilton smacked his wheelchair’s armrest. “Get over here andfort your wife!”

    Acacia yelled, “Thad, don’t go over there. I’m not done talking.”

    “I’ve got something to take care of. We’ll talkter.”

    As soon as he finished speaking, Thaddeus hung up the phone decisively.

    On the other end of the line, Acacia stared at her phone screen as it went ck, gasping for breath, her face turning ugly.

    “Evadne, you disgusting woman! You sl ut! I’ll make sure you pay!”

    Acacia quickly dialed Elspeth’s number.

    “I need your help! That cun ning woman na is with Thad at Grandpa’s ce!”

    Acacia was crying so hard she could barely speak. “If this goes on, she will take away Thad! Before, he woulde find me whenever I called, no matter how busy he was. Now, he hangs up on me before I even finish speaking! Hasn’t he changed?! If I don’t marry into the Abernathy family, I won’t be able to help you.”

    Acacia knew thatining wouldn’t be enough. She needed to make Elspeth feel threatened so that she would genuinely help here up with a n.

    “Acacia, calm down. You know Thaddeus’s personality. You can’t force him or be too impatient. That’ll only backfire. After all, your framing of na has put a wedge between you and Thaddeus. Even if he feels guilty and remembers the good times from your childhood, that bond can’t withstand constant erosion,” Elspeth said calmly.

    “So, what should I do?” Acacia asked desperately.

    “Pretend to be pitiful, but make sure Thaddeus genuinely sympathizes with you.”

    Elspeth snorted. “With me here, na thinks she can outsmart you? She can try again in a hundred years!”

    Thaddeus hurried into the study.

    “Grandpa, I’m here.”

    “Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear na crying? Do I have to call you for you toe?” Hamilton berated him.

    As long as na was happy, even if it meant Thaddeus yed the clown, he was willing!

    “No.”

    Thaddeus replied, walking over to Evadne and ncing at her.

    She was beautiful, even with her face stained with tears, like a flower k*ssed by morning dew. Her dark hair partly concealed her lovely face, making her even more attractive.

    Feeling embarra**ed, Evadne blushed, and a tear trickled down her cheek like a star falling earthward.

    Thaddeus was momentarily dazed, his heart beating in sync with her fluttering eyshes.

    “You apologize to your wife!” Hamilton urged, clearly upset.

    “Why me? She’s not crying because of me.” Thaddeus frowned, not understanding.

    Hamilton red at him. “Because na is your wife! If your wife is crying, are you expecting me, an older man, to soothe her? Don’t you have a mouth?!”

    “Grandpa, Thaddeus and I are divorced. I’m not his wife anymore.”

    “You’re husband and wife for a lifetime! He hasn’t done anything decent for you in the past three years. This apology is the least he owes you!”

    The mention of “divorce” made Hamilton even more furious. “You brainless fool! If you don’t soothe na today, don’t call yourself my grandson anymore!”

    Thaddeus clenched his l*ps, and after a while, he whispered, “I’m sorry.”

    Evadne looked at him with teary eyes, her heart trembling.

    She remembered this was the first time he had apologized to her.

    11:25 T

    Sadly, it didn’t seem sincere.

    “Bow to her!” Hamilton said.

    “Is that really necessary?” Thaddeus asked, his eyebrows twitching.

    “I’m already giving you a break by not having you kneel! That time, I apologized to your grandma. I was being sincere enough! na is my beloved granddaughter, I won’t allow you to treat her carelessly. Get moving!”

    Thaddeus was really driven to his wits’ end by this older man. So he stepped back, put his hands together in front of his chest, left hand outside, right hand inside, and bowed deeply to Evadne.

    “na, I’m sorry, I’m here to apologize to you.”

    This scene was like something straight out of a y, a beautiful couple, which made Hamiltion couldn’t help but smirk.

    Was this what happiness was?

    Evadne’s cheeks were flushed, and her crying slowly stopped. Seeing his polite and serious manners, she couldn’t help but chuckle inside.

    She had to admit, having Thaddeus bow down to her, whether sincere or not, she felt incredibly satisfied.

    Just as Thaddeus was about to rise, Hamiltionmanded again. “If na hasn’t said you can get up, you have to keep bowing! You can only stand when na says it’s okay!”

    But one second, two seconds, three seconds, Evadne didn’t respond!

    This woman was clearly doing it on purpose!

    Not until she saw Thaddeus’s forehead veins twitching did Evadne sniff, her voice soft, “Grandpa, it wasn’t really Thaddeus’s fault, don’t give him a hard time.”

    Thaddeus’s face nearly fell to the floor.

    na!

    But seeing her eyes swollen like red peaches, he wasn’t longer angry.

    By dinner time, Evadne personally wheeled Hamiltion, with Thaddeus by her side, and the three of them went to the dining room.

    A table full of delicious food, all prepared by Grandpa for her.

    Yet just as they sat down, Gordon rushed in with aplicated look on his face, ready to whisper something into Thaddeus’s ear.

    “Whatever it is, just spit it out.”

    Hamiltion hated whispering, and he said sternly, “We’re all family here. No need to be so secretive, especially at my dining table.”

    “Uh, well” Gordon looked at Thaddeus awkwardly.

    “Just say it here,” Thaddeus ordered casually.

    ‘Yes, sir.”

    Gordon took a deep breath and muttered, “A while ago, I received a call from thedy. She knew you were at Mr. Frederic’s and didn’t dare to disturb you, so she could only contact me first to pa** along her message.”

    “Hmph, at least that woman has some self-awareness!” Mentioning Elspeth, Hamiltion’s face darkened.

    Thedy said Ms. Acacia’s diagnosis is she has severe depression.”

    “What’s going on?”

    Thaddeus’s fork hit the floor.

###Chapter 57

    Evadne felt a chill in her heart, watching him lose it over Acacia.

    “Just now, Ms. Acacia was at home crying your name, her emotions everywhere. Thedy wants you to check on her, and she’s afraid Ms. Acacia might do something rash,” Before Gordon could finish his sentence, Thaddeus was already on his feet, bolting out of the dining room.

    “You heartless, ungrateful brat! If you go after that woman, you’re no grandson of minel” Hamilton angrily pounded the table.

    But it was already toote. Thaddeus’s proud and distinguished figure disappeared from his view.

    “Ah, what a cmity! All my countless efforts throughout my life haven’t changed Thaddeus’s mind. It’s all because I’m powerless!”

    Hamilton hit his chest in pain, feeling more than just guilt towards Evadne.

    Evadne looked lost. She gave a small smile, her cold hand gently stroking her grandfather’s weathered hand.

    “Grandpa, don’t say that. You’ve done so much for me, and it’s just Thaddeus and I weren’t meant to be.”

    Thaddeus was about to get into his car outside the vi, his mind fraught with worry.

    “Mr. Thaddeus!”

    He stopped in his tracks, turning to see na, who had chased him out, her eyes glinting with a cold light under the brightmp.

    A pang of guilt hit him. He was about to say something, but she beat him to it.

    “Your sister insulted one of my hotel staff tonight, causing the girl to have a seizure. Please go tell your sister that I won’t let this slide, and she needs to exin to that girl.”

    Thaddeus’s brow furrowed and he hadn’t expected her to bring this up.

    His hopeful gaze faded.

    “Glynnis might be my sister, but I don’t meddle in her personal affairs.”

    “I see, so Mr. Thaddeus considers this a personal issue. Got it.”

    With that, Evadne gave a cold smile, turned around, and walked back into the vi, not sparing Thaddeus another nce.

    Thaddeus felt a chill, and his entire b*dy felt cold.

    Was she mocking him?

    That night, Thaddeus went to see Acacia, who was suffering from “severe depression”. He didn’t return until the wee hours.

    Although na’s matter had put some distance between him and Acacia, when he saw her depression diagnosis report, it still managed to touch the softest corner of his heart.

    Depression was a knot in his heart he couldn’t untangle.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, there’s a situation. Do you want to handle it?” Gordon asked hesitantly, phone in hand.

    “What is it?” Thaddeus closed his eyes to rest.

    “The video of your sister insulting the waitress at the hotel has been posted online. The PR team spotted it right away. They’re worried it might tarnish the Abernathy Group’s image, so they wanted to know your thoughts.”

    “Delete it.”

    Thaddeus slightly parted his thin l*ps, his eyes narrowing, “Glynnis’s personal issues can’t affect thepany. Make sure it’s cleaned up.”

    “Understood, Mr. Thaddeus!”

    Back at the vi, Thaddeus was just about to head upstairs when he saw Alva in her nightgown, looking worried.

    “Alva, didn’t I tell you not to wait up for me? I might be busy.” Thaddeus felt a rare warmth in his heart.

    Alva had always been like this since they were kids. Unless he explicitly said he wouldn’t be back, she would wait up for him like a mother.

    But Alva was getting on in years, and her health was not what it used to be. So, for the past three years, na had taken over the responsibility of looking after Thaddeus. waiting for him every night.

    “Thaddeus, have you eaten? I saved some food for you, and it’s still warm. Could you try to sleep earlier next time? Your constant headaches might be due to staying upte. Both your b*dy and mind need rest to stay healthy. You may not want to hear this, but I must say it. Because I want you to be healthy, I don’t want you to get sick. Can I not wait for you just because you say so? I’m just a ser vant, not family,”

    Alva sighed with resentment, “Ah, if only na were still here, I could save some energy as an old woman. She took care of you wholeheartedly every day. I saw with my own eyes how na’s skin was as smooth as an egg when she married you, but she became so thin because of you. It’s heartbreaking. You’re just unlucky.”

    Thaddeus’s vision blurred, na’s clear, bright, and slightly aggrieved eyes surfaced in his mind.

    He might never get such care again. It would be a lie to say he wasn’t sad.

    “na isn’t my luck, she’s my disaster.”

    Thaddeus walked back into his bedroom with a gloomy face, only to see a box on the table.

    He recognized it as the tailor’s box, thinking that the suit should have been repaired by now. He walked over and opened the box.

    Inside the box, the high-quality suity quietly,

    The shirt was refurbished, and there were barely any signs of wear. Honestly a masterful job.

    A satisfied smile spread across Thaddeus’s face.

    “Thaddeus, you still have feelings for na, don’t you,” Alva asked, seeing him look at the suit with such delight.

    “Things don’t make mistakes, and it took a lot of effort to make, can’t waste it,” Thaddeus replied coldly, his fingers lightly brushing the smooth cor.

    11:25

    “The effort itana put in for you is more than just this.”

    Alva sighed, her eyes filled with sadness, ‘Come with me,”

    They went to the room Hana used to stay in

    Alva expertly opened the wardrobe door in the corner, “Take a look.”

    Inside the tall wardrobe, shelves upon shelves were neatly filled with boxes of different colors that na had arranged.

    Thaddeus was stunned, “This is?

    “These are all the gifts that Hana has prepared for you over the past three years,”

    Thaddeus trembled slightly as if he’d been struck by lightning.

    “These are your birthday gifts, Valentine’s Day gifts, wedding anniversary gifts. She even said there’s also a gift for the anniversary of the first time you met. Even if it’s an unimportant day, as long as it’s about you, she’d get you a gift. Even though she knew that you didn’t really care about these gifts, she still insisted on preparing them with att her heart, as if she was trying to make peace with her sell,”

    Thaddeus tell a sourness in his heart.

    “I can’t judge Ms. Acacia’s feelings for you, but madame’s love for you is bone -de ep. I’ve always sided with Madame, I’ve never been a fan of 1Ms. Acacia,”

    Just thinking about Acacia’s pretentiousness pis sed Alva off, “I may be just a maid, but I’m not clueless. I heard that n*e you gave Ms. Acacia is being auctioned off by the Stirling family, is that true? You put so much effort into making that n*e for Ms. Acacia, and they casually sell it off? And Ms. Acacia didn’t stop then?”

    “Alva, can we not talk about this anymore?” Thaddeus took a deep breath, trying to interrupt her,

    “Do you know how much madame loved that n*e? Do you know how envious she was when she heard you were giving that n*e to Ms. Acacia? Alva’s voice trembled, as if defending na.

    Thaddeus stood up abruptly, clutching something tightly in his hand,

    She cried.

    That woman cried secretly because she couldn’t get a n*e,

    Alva took a delicate box from the cupboard and opened it before him.

    Suddenly, Thaddeus felt as if his blood had frozen, and he was stunned,

    Every item inside belonged to him, some he’d even forgotten about.

    The crystal cufflinks he’d lost identally, the tie he no longer needed, and the lighter he hadn’t used in ages. She’d collected them all.

    “If it were madame, she’d treasure every gift you gave, and she’d even collect things you no longer needed, She’d never easily give up your gifts!” “Acacia didn’t know about the n*e being sold. If she did, she’d definitely stop it.” Thaddeus clenched his fists, his chest filled with bitterness.

    He didn’t know if he was making excuses for himself or for Acacia,

    “Hah, you can’t wake a person who is pretending to sleep.”

    Alva shook her head in disappointment, sighed, and left.

    Leaving Thaddeus standing there alone with a whirlwind of emotions.

    Turned out, in those three years she was married to him, her virtuousness, gentleness, and generosity were all an act. She wasn’t without temper, and she cared, and she was jealous.

    She just swallowed all the pain and unhappiness.

    She used to care so much. Why can’t he find that in her indifferent eyes now?

    Thaddeus gritted his teeth, his face full of resentment.

###Chapter 58

    The morning sun was really cozy.

    Evadne woke up from her soft bed, stretching her stylish buttzily in the sheets, arms stretching forward like a kitty just getting out of a snooze.

    As usual she sl*pped on a pure white tracksuit and headed to the backyardke for some solo kayaking.

    Jason had already cleaned up and was waiting by theke, left hand holding a water bottle, right arm carrying a clean towel, waiting for Evadne toe ashore.

    “Gone. Every video of Glynnis insulting our hotel staff online is wiped clean. Keyword search, zilch.”

    Handing Evadne the white towel, Jason thoughtfully uncapped the water bottle, “There’s still a bit of chatter, but it’ll blow over soon. Doubt it’ll stir up any trouble.”

    “Of course, the Abernathy group PR and legal boys are top-notch in Elmsworth. And Thaddeus has them all under his thumb.” Evadne wiped the sweat beads trickling down her cheek, panting lightly.

    “So, it was Thaddeus who had them wiped?” Jason asked, widening his eyes.

    Evadne shook her hair lightly and tilted her head back to drink water, her eyes deep and unreadable.

    She tilted her head back, her swan-like n*eck drawing a beautiful arc, just drinking water, but it was enough to make Jason’s heart race.

    “Pursuit of profit, avoidance of harm. That’s Thaddeus now.”

    Lifting her hand to wipe the water droplets from her l*ps, Evadne smiled and said, “Had I met him in the business world first, I would never have fallen for this man.”

    Fell for the wrong guy at the wrong time.

    “So, what’s your game n now?”

    Evadne, with her seemingly harmless eyes, was as clever as a fox. She had a n.

    “That girl hasn’t been discharged yet, right? I’ll start with a meeting at the hotel, then you apany me to the hospital, see how she’s doing.”

    A few hourster, at Ashbourne Hospital.

    The girl had been moved to a general ward. Seeing the general manager herselfing to visit, she nervously tried to get up from the bed.

    Evadne quickly stepped forward to hold her down, saying in a friendly manner, “Lie down, don’t stress, Bess. You need to rest up.”

    “Manager. I’m sorry for causing you trouble!”

    Bess, the girl, lowered her head in shame, “I didn’t think I’d get sick. I didn’t hide it on purpose. I really didn’t know it would be like this. I screwed up.”

    “I checked your medical records, and this is your first episode. You didn’t have this condition before. It’s not hiding, don’t me yourself.” Evadne smiled.

    “Please deduct the hospital fees from my sry!”

    “No need. This is a workce injury, and the hotel will cover it.”

    “Thank you.” Bess, both moved and upset, tears welled up in her eyes.

    “I came to ask you something.”

    Evadne’s expression turned serious, her voice clear and low, “What are you nning to do about Glynnis?”

    “Glynnis is the Abernathy group’s heiress. I don’t have any influence, power, or status. What can I do?

    And this morning, I saw the videos online were deleted. I, as an ordinary person, seem to have lost even the right to voice out through media.” Bess lowered her head, looking very depressed.

    “If the Abernathy group won’t give you the power, I will.”

    Evadne squinted her eyes, her l*ps slightly open. Each word she uttered was forceful and determined.

    Bess widened her eyes in surprise, “You will?”

    “If you want Glynnis to apologize to you, then we need to publicize this. But, it will more or less affect your life. So, I came to ask for your opinion. After all, you’re the one involved. Although I’m your boss, I can’t just do whatever without considering your feelings.” Evadne said calmly.

    “I’d like Glynnis to apologize to me, even if it’s just in private.”

    “No private, we make it public.” Evadne always spoke sinctly and never beat around the bush.

    “You want her to apologize publicly? How is that possible!” Bess eximed in disbelief.

    “Bess, Glynnis will never apologize to you in private. She dared to insult you in front of so many people, and she will never apologize to you.”

    Jason said softly, “If we force her into the public eye, she will have no choice but to apologize to you.”

    “Let it go! I don’t want to cause trouble for the hotel or for you!” Bess quickly shook her head in fear.

    “Don’t be scared. If Glynnis dares to retaliate, she’ll be digging her own grave. And I have my reasons for doing this.”

    Evadne’s eyes sparkled with a hint of amusement, yet filled with determination, “If you agree, leave this to me. I won’t let my staff be wronged.”

    Glynnis originally wanted to let this pa** quietly, but now it seemed that’s not happening.

    She could divorce, but she could never lose this fight!

    Leaving the ward, Evadne put her sun**es back on, hiding her resolute gaze.

    Then she dialed Elvis’s number.

    “Evadne, finally have time for me!”

    Elvis’s tone was both sad and aggrieved, “You don’t know, Arnold teased me saying you neglected me, I was freaked out! I can’t lose to that idiot!”

    “You guys are my brothers, not my ha rem. Don’t view me as a queen surrounded by men. I’m not that kind of person.”

    Evadne shook her head helplessly and said softly. “By the way, I need a favor.”

    11:26

    “Favor? Favor?! Oh no, We’ve drifted, Evadne. You don’t care about me anymore, and our bond has faded!”

    Elvis began to y his act, and his tone filled with sorrow, “You actually said “favor” to me, so polite yet so distant! Seems like I need to get back to you as soon as possible, in a couple more years, you’ll forget my handsome face.”

    “Elvis, can you stop the act? I need your help!” Evadne couldn’t stand his teasing and chastised him loudly, attracting the attention of pa**ing doctors and nurses.

    This girl was pretty, but she talked like she’s about to explode.

    “Yes, the way you talk is important. This way I feelfortable. So, what is it?” Elvis asked with a smile.

    Evadne’s face hardened, her voice deep and profound. “I’m dropping a video tomorrow, and I need you to use your magic so it’s impossible to take down.”

    “How long do you want it to float around the web?”

    “Long enough for the message to get around.”

    “Sure thing, I got to. But I scratch your back. You scratch mine, right?” Elvis asked, his voice husky and enticing.

    “Trying to milk this for all its worth, aren’t you? Fine, name your price,” Evadne responded confidently.

    “I want a free pa** to beat the cr ap out of Thaddeus, deal?”

    A twitch flickered at the corners of Evadne’s mouth.

    “Scr ew you!”

    The next day, at the Abernathy group.

    Thaddeus sat at the head of the ma**ive conference table, his gaze frosty, his face handsome and aristocratic. His aura was intimidating, enough to give anyone the chills just by him sitting there.

    “We need to secure the projectnd as soon as possible, and I need everyone working together, doing their own parts.”

    Mid-meeting, someone nced at their phone and gasped, pping the person next to them. One after another, everyone checked their phones. In mere seconds, the news spread faster than wildfire!

    “Is this your first meeting with me? Don’t you know my rules?” Thaddeus’s voice was icy, silencing everyone.

    Then, his phone started buzzing.

    He nced at it, his eyes burning into the screen.

    Back in his office after the meeting. Thaddeus looked grim.

    “Didn’t I tell you to take down Glynnis’s video? Why is it trending again?”

    “It was dropped out of nowhere this morning. Our PR team didn’t even have a chance to react!” Gordon exined anxiously. “I’ve sent people to get it taken down from the tform, but it’s stuck!”

    “Stuck? Do you think this is a joke?”

    Thaddeus’s voice was cold as ice. “In half an hour, I don’t want to see ‘Glynnis’ on the trending list!”

    Anything that threatened the Abernathy group had to be eliminated immediately.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! Look at this!”

    Gordon shoved his phone in front of Thaddeus, looking terrified.

    The number one trending topic was now: Angel girl rescued hotel waitress.

    Thaddeus clicked on the topic, his l*ps pressed into a thin line.

    The next second, he was livid, his eyes bulging.

    The video was of na rescuing a waitress. The whole scene captured, including her face!

    His ex-wife’s identity was exposed, and more and more people were getting to know her. He was feeling more and more uneasy.

###Chapter 59

    Right now, in the office of the general manager of K Hotel, the atmosphere was heavy.

    Evadne stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, her hands sped behind her back. Her elegant and beautiful figure radiated an authority that no one could challenge.

    “Who told you to release that video?”

    “You said you wanted a video that could stir up public discussion.”

    Jason stood behind her, his face gloomy.

    “Jason, as my secretary and someone who grew up with me, you should know what I hate most!”

    Evadne slowly turned her head. “You were trying to help me, but you were also acting on your own. I know what you were up to. You wanted to use this to boot my poprity. to use my kind image to criticize Glynnis’s behavior.”

    The more she spoke, the lower Jason’s head drooped because each sentence pierced his heart.

    “But let me tell you, I don’t need it.”

    Evadne’s gaze became colder, “I do these things because it’s what I should do. Even if I hate Glynnis, I wouldn’t stoop to such showy tactics to belittle her. Once a good deed is put under the camera lens for people to judge, it loses its original meaning.”

    “I was wrong. I just wanted to.”

    “What you want doesn’t matter.”

    Evadne turned to pick up her phone, her face expressionless, “I’m calling Cas s ius now to have him call you back. The way you act doesn’t fit my style.

    “No!”

    Jason’s face turned pale, and he quickly grabbed Evadne’s wrist, “Miss, you can punish me in any way you want! Let me clean the hotel toilets, wash dishes in the kitchen, and deduct my sry! But there’s one thing, please don’t let me leave you, okay?”

    Evadne frowned, her wrist aching a bit.

    The look in his eyes startled her.

    Jason came from a family ofw professionals. His father was a senior judge, his mother a well-knownwyer, and both his brothers held important positions in the legal field. Although they weren’t as wealthy as some tycoons, they were still a family of status, and Jason had received a high level of education since he was a child, growing up pampered.

    But for the Ashbourne group, for her, he was willing to give up his status and be her secretary.

    Thinking of this, Evadne softened a bit, sighing, “This is thest time. Don’t mess up again.”

    “Thank you! Thank you! I’ll never make decisions on my own again!” Jason’s eyes sparkled, and he was on the verge of tears.

    “Let go of my hand. Remember your ce.” Evadne said softly, her l*ps curling up slightly.

    Only then did Jason realize that he was still holding her wrist. His heart pounded, and he quickly withdrew his hand, his face flushed.

    His palm still seemed to hold her scent.

    “So, about your video trending.”

    “I’ll tell Elvis to handle it, now youe with me.”

    Evadne elegantly picked out a suit jacket, and Jason immediately understood her meaning, hurrying to take off the suit and carefully help her put it on.

    “I’m going to see Glynnis.”

    Glynnis found herself trending again, and she was very anxious.

    “Mom, what should I do now?”

    Glynnis angrily called Elspeth toin, “I just got out of thest trending topic, and that country girl is back. She’s just trying to get me into trouble!*

    “Are you out of your mind? Don’t you know how did you get out of the trending topic? And you’re still gloating over here?” Elspeth shouted.

    Glynnis rubbed her forehead. Of course, she wasn’t as stu pid as her mother said, but na’s appearance distracted her.

    “So what should I do now? This negative news is very detrimental to me. na’s heroic rescue news leaves me defenseless, am I supposed to be overshadowed by her fame?” “I’ve exined this to your father, and he told you not toe out and rify or apologize, not to make any statements.”

    Elspeth’s voice was low, “And Thaddeus will surely help you solve this problem. He won’t let thepany’s interests be harmed. You better not stir up any more trouble. understand?”

    Glynnis felt a little relieved by her mother’s rea**urances, hung up the phone, and continued to shop at her Moonlit Treasures with her two friends.

    At this time, outside the Moonlit Treasures, a top-of-the-line Rolls Royce slowly parked in front.

    Dressed in a high-end and custom-made blue suit, Evadne, apanied by Jason, entered the Moonlit Treasures.

    Her appearance immediately drew everyone’s attention. Her beauty and temperament could not be ignored.

    “Miss, is there anything I can help you with?” The female attendant came forward to greet her. Evadne’s beauty made her overlook the male secretary behind her. “Call your boss, Glynnis. I don’t need anyone else’s service but hers,” Evadne stated her needs directly.

    “Oh.”

    “I know she’s upstairs. If she makes me wait too long, she will regret it.”

    “May I know your name?”

    Evadne smiled slightly, “Call me Ms. na.”

    -The female attendant immediately went upstairs to inform Glynnis.

    11:26

    Glynnis was surprised to hear that a beautiful Ms. na was looking for her. Her face turned red. She wanted to smash something to vent but thought the stuff in the store was too expensive. White she was in a dilemma, her friend spoke up.

    “Glynnis I think that woman deliberately released that trending topic!” A female friend eximed angrily.

    “That’s right! Now that she’s delivered herself on a silver tter, you can’t let her off easily, and this is a great opportunity!”

    “We’ll definitely support you and help you teach her a lesson! Let’s go see her!”

    Glynnis was egged on by her friends, and her anger intensified. She decided to go see this, visiting Ms. na with her two girlfriends.

    “Iana! You shameless woman! You have the nerve toe looking for me?!”

    At this moment, Evadne sat quietly, her long and beautiful legs hidden under wrinkle-free trouser legs, yet still eye-catching. She held a high-end cup and saucer, leisurely enjoying her English tea, as rxed as if she were at home.

    “Miss Glynnis, is this how you do business? You insult your guests without fear of tarnishing your reputation?”

    “Guest? You’re nothing more than a gold-digger trying totch onto Thaddeus and steal our Abernathy family fortune!” Glynnis retorted, pointing at Evadne’s face with her expensive crystal-manicured fingers.

    At that moment, the shop was empty except for the staff.

    Everyone exchanged nces upon hearing this.

    What was going on? Miss na seemed to exude the aura of a wealthy heiress. Her outfit, even her hair, shimmered with refinement. How could she be like what Glynnis had described?

    “Alright, I’ll be honest. I didn’te here to shop. After all the quality of your goods is so poor. They’re not worth my attention,” Evadne smiled calmly.

    There was no need to get angry at the shallow and foolish Glynnis in front of her.

    Glynnis wanted to retort but her arrogance crumbled when she noticed the expensive Twilight pendant on Evadne’s chest.

    “My purpose here is simple.”

    Evadne set down her cup, not even bothering to lift her eyelids, “I want you to hold a press conference and apologize to the hotel staff member you ndered, who is now in the hospital because of you.”

###Chapter 60

    “Did y’all hear that? This chick actually expects me to apologize to that waiter. I’m dying! Did you think twice before you spouted that nonsense?” Glynnis wasughing so hard she could hardly breathe, and the twodies at her side couldn’t keep theirughter in either.

    I

    “I’m spending my hard-earned cash here. My n*e breaks, the service here sucks, and when I voice a fewints, you guys get pis sed off? Right! You have the audacity to demand an apology… Do you think you own this joint or something? Why can’t I criticize anything?”

    Jason squinted his eyes, thinking to himself, if they knew that all the K Hotels in the country were owned by Ms. na, they’d probably be too scared to utter another word. “Don’t you worry that this might tarnish the image of Thaddeus’ hard-earned empire? Don’t you fear embarra**ing the Abernathy family?” Evadne stared at her co olly.

    “Hmmph, don’t try to scare me. I’m not the CEO. I don’t care.”

    Glynnis retorted nonchntly, “Besides, he’s the CEO, he should be pouring all his energy into the Abernathy Group, taking on all the risks, and dealing with these issues. What else is he doing sitting in that position all day? Father put him in charge, and he should do something worthwhile!”

    The waitstaff around them were shocked to hear this.

    Evadne couldn’t help but chuckle. This family might have appeared harmonious on the outside, but behind closed doors, they were all using each other, each with their own agenda.

    Glynnis fundamentally looked down on Thaddeus. To her and her mother, this “illegitimate child” was nothing more than a tool to be used. They might have appeared close on the surface, but in reality, they held him in contempt.

    na had seen through the fa?ade of this family when she married Thaddeus. If it wasn’t for her deep love for the man, she wouldn’t have been able to survive in this family. “Miss, even if you don’t care about the Abernathy Group’s image, you should at least care about your own reputation, right?”

    “Don’t be a scaremonger! Let me tell you, na, just because you have President Ashbourne backing you up doesn’t mean I’m scared of you. We Abernathys aren’t pushovers!” Glynnis put her hands on her hips defiantly. “Where’s security? Get this country bumpkin out of here! She’s bringing down the tone of our Moonlit Treasures!”

    Two security guards immediately sprang into action, heading towards Evadne, ready to forcibly remove her.

    Evadne sat there, immovable as a rock, when Jason suddenly sprung up, sending one of the guards flying with a single kick. He was a ck belt in Taekwondo, more than enough to handle two measly security guards!

    Glynnis was taken aback, but the female waitstaff around them were blushing with excitement. He was just too handsome! Could they get his number?

    “If Glynnis insists on being stubborn, I guess I’ll have to take this up with you formally.” With that, Evadne picked up her phone, waving it at Glynnis. “Come, I have something. interesting to show you.”

    Glynnis didn’t dare show any fear in front of everyone, so she walked over to the woman who terrified her. She peered at the phone screen and her eyes nearly popped out of her head. She was both angry and embarra**ed!

    Evadne calmly showed her the pictures, one after another. Each one more explicit and outrageous than thest! All were pictures from the night at the hotel, Glynnis with two male models inpromising positions, even pictures of them k*ssing, all wet and touching…

    What the hell?! She had made sure they deleted the photos, could it be…

    Evadne, expressionless, put her phone away. “My demand is simple, you publicly apologize, and I’ll delete all these pictures, without a trace. If you refuse to apologize, well, you know what I’ll do.”

    Glynnis was so mad her l*ps were trembling, her heart filled with fear! Her mother Elspeth had spoiled her rotten since she was little, with the sole purpose of marrying her off to a rich family like the Jareths. If these pictures got out, her reputation would be ruined, how could Mr. Jareth possibly look at her then?!

    With that thought, she decided to go for broke, reaching out to grab Evadne’s phone!

    Evadne raised an eyebrow, easily dodging her. Glynnis ended up sprawled on the sofa, missing her target. She was seething, and without thinking, she raised her hand and tried to p Evadne!

    Smack! The crisp sound of a p echoed, causing everyone present to gasp in shock.

    Evadne’s icy gaze, and the strength of her p, sent Glynnis sprawling onto the floor.

    “Ah!” Five distinct red finger marks appeared on Glynnis’ delicate face! All this happened in a split second. So fast, it was hard to catch!

    Jason inwardly cheered. Anyone who dared to hit hisdy was asking for it!

    The two rich girls who had been backing Glynnis were so scared that their faces turned pale. They backed away, fearing they might get involved.

    “You… You hit me?! You dare hit me?” Glynnis looked at Evadne’s indifferent face in shock, her face numb from the pain.

    “Or what, wait for you to bite me?” Evadne looked at her coldly, dusting off her hands.

    “How dare you!” Glynnis was so mad that her face turned beet red.

    Just then, the door to Moonlit Treasures opened. Evadne looked up, feeling a cold presence wash over her.

    The next second, Thaddeus’ tall and handsome figure appeared in the stunned gazes of everyone present.

    The ex-couple locked eyes, both startled. Then, Evadne shifted her gaze slightly, acting as if she didn’t know him, her indifference palpable.

    Thaddeus’ l*ps were tightly closed, his eyes deep, his heart uneasy.

    ‘Thaddeus!”

    Like she had found her savior, Glynnis sobbed her way over to Thaddeus to tattle, “na’s gone crazy! She hit me! You must stand up for me!”

    “I did hit you. The p is still warm.” Evadne’s l*ps curled into a smirk, unabashedly admitting to it.

    “What’re you here for?” Thaddeus asked, his eyes cold as ice.

    “You tell me.”

    Once upon a time, whenever na looked at him, her eyes used to sparkle like the stars. But now, she was like an emotionless puppet, that hopeful sparkle was nowhere to be found.

    A sudden tightness gripped Thaddeus’ chest, a wave ofplex emotions tearing at his insides.

    11:26

    Thad! na actually wanted me to… publicly apologize to her hotel’s female staff! I refused, so she threatened me using her connections! She even hit me!” When Glynnis noticed Thaddeus didn’t really care about her being hit, she started crying out loud. “Thad! Everyone is watching! They can all prove I’m innocent!” “na, you’ve put videos online, lettingizens attack the Abernathy family, isn’t that enough? Now you want us to apologize publicly?” Thaddeus’ brows furrowed, his tone low and icy. “Is this your insatiable greed?”

    Jason couldn’t stand it and wanted to retort, but was held back by Evadne, who sheltered him behind her. This act infuriated Thaddeus. All the humiliation he had suffered in front of his ex-wife since their break-up seemed to find a vent.

    “I don’t think I’m greedy. I’m just doing what’s right.” Evadne’s eyes were as hard and deep as a gun barrel.

    “Hmph, I don’t care if you’re doing what’s right or helping Cas sius, I won’t let you have your way.”

    “Then there’s nothing to talk about goodbye.” Evadne left proudly, with hands in her trouser pockets, leaving a trace of coldness behind.

    “Wait wait!”

    Glynnis remembered the photos still in her hands; she was sweating profusely, “Thad, na is trying to defame me with photos of my indecent behavior! She’s forcing me to apologize! You can’t just let her go like this!”

    Hearing this, Thaddeus’ eyes filled with a cold glimmer, and he strode over to block her way. “Hand over your phone.”

    “You think I’ll just do whatever you say? Who do you think you are?” Evadne sneered, fuming.

    Thaddeus didn’t say much, and he quickly sna tched her phone.

    Glynnis watched with glee. Just as her mom said, Thaddeus would always help her out. What a great ally!

    “Thaddeus! Give me back my phone!” Evadne was so frantic she could hardly breathe. She lunged at him like a little monkey, scratching and grabbing. Unfortunately, her heels were too high, she twisted her ankle and fell into Thaddeus’ warm, strong arms.

    As they collided. Thaddeus instinctively wrapped his arms around her slender waist. Evadne was both embarra**ed and angry, her cheeks flushed like ripe cherries, but her hands were unconsciously exploring his physique through his shirt fabric.

    Da mn, perfect

    Thaddeus narrowed his eyes, focusing on the phone, with one arm around Evadne’s waist, the other clutching her phone tightly. 0923. That was her lock screen code, and he remembered it clearly, but he was not sure if she had changed it.

    His thumb quickly pressed the four digits, and the phone lit up.

###Chapter 61

    “You rascal! Give it back to me!”

    Evadne’s face was as red as a ripe apple, her petite b*dy pressed against Thaddeus’ muscr physique under his suit. To keep her bnce, she b*dy clung to his bud shoulders. She was as lively as a monkey, and his big hand was wrapped tightly around her waist, showing no signs of letting go.

    Evadne’s heart started to race, feeling Thaddeus’ tight hold, which was filled with a strong sense of possessiveness. Through her thin clothes, the cold feed t

    palm.

    However, Thaddeus was staring intently at her phone, his face emotionless, as if deep in thought.

    Everyone was shocked. This woman dared to speak to Mr. Thaddeus like this? And he wasn’t even mad?

    Jason was sweating bullets, wanting to pull Evadne back, but didn’t know how to go about it.

    Glynnis was dumbfounded. They weren’t this close when they were married. Why were they more intimate now that they were divorce?

    The two rich girls behind were so jealous seeing Evadne acting so close with Mr. Thaddeus in public, that they were about to bite their newly manicured falls off

    Thaddeus forehead crinkled, his fingers quickly deleting all of Glynnis’ inappropriate pictures.

    “na, how long have we been divorced for you to resort to such low tactics, how dare you?” He said coldly, put the phone back into her pocket, then let go of her mach

    “Heh… speaking of low, I should call you the master of being low.” Evadne quickly stepped back, dusting off her clothes, a trace of disgust in her eyes. “That’s wrong w getting what I want by my own means? Unlike you, Mr. Thaddeus, who can only resort to force when you can’t beat me. Your actions are really tasteless, do you think patte monkey on the mountain?”

    At these words, everyone couldn’t help butugh. Thaddeus’ face turned dark, his l*ps tightly pursed. na called him a monkey in front of everyone, sock course, he was then But what made him even more furious was her cold and ruthless gaze.

    How much did she dislike him to have such disgust in her eyes?

    From the divorce until now, she was always the one causing trouble. He had been patient to the limit, but why had she kept provoking him?

    Considering these old and new grudges, Thaddeus suddenly took a step forward, looking down at her with cold eyes, his gaze piercing her eyes like cold sta

    *na, are you so arrogant because you’re my ex-wife? Do you think that because we were once together, you can challenge me? Is a nominal marriage you (6990660 whatever you want to me? Even Acacia wouldn’t dare to treat me like this. What makes you think you can?”

    His voice was low, so others couldn’t hear what he was saying. But even so, Evadne’s eyes were still stung by his words. She had never regretted falling in love with Thadde nor bing his wife, even though in the past three years, he had never truly looked at her. His indifference repeatedly damaged her self-esteem.

    But now, she hoped to add “used to” in front of these facts.

    Evadne was furious, forcefully concealing the sadness in her eyes. “Acacia doesn’t dare to rebel because she cares about you, but in my heart, you no longer hold ay importance.”

    Thaddeus’ brows furrowed, and the next second, Evadne clenched her teeth, her slender fingers tightly gripping his blue tie. “Do you hope that I’d be grateful for that marriag But I’ve never thought that way.”

    Their eyes met, and the short distance between them was fraught with danger. Thaddeus’ n*eck suddenly tightened, his heart stung by her resolute gaza,

    “To sum up my past three years, it’s ‘unbearable to look back’. Do you think that you marrying me is something I should be grateful for, that being your wife is something I can show off? No, you’re too full of yourself. If I could, I wish I could erase you from my lifepletely. If possible… I wish I never loved you.”

    Thaddeus’ pupils suddenly shrank, his heart violently shook, and his throat felt extremely h oar se from the tie. Each of her words was like a knife, each one more ruthless than

    thest!

    When he came back to his senses, Evadne had already let go of him, brushing past him. Jason immediately followed, giving Thaddeus an angry re as he pa**ed by. He didn’t hear clearly what they were just saying. But he was sure Thaddeus didn’t say anything nice.

    “Did you delete those pictures? That country bumpkin is so shameless, daring to threaten me… but luckily you helped me, or else our Abernathy family’s reputation would ve been ruined.” Glynnis excitedly ran over, about to grab Thaddeus’ arm and show off their sibling bond in front of these people.

    But Thaddeus waspletely immersed in the hit from his ex-wife. His face was dark, and he coldly nced at her, like a knife shing across her face.

    Glynnis immediately withdrew her hand.

    “The pictures, are they real.”

    “What…” Glynnis was suddenly stunned.

    “If they weren’t real, how could na frame you?” Thaddeus’ eyes were filled with a cold light.

    Glynnis was taken aback; she felt confused. This man seemed to be on her side, but notpletely. His heart seemed to still lean towards na.

    “I’m not blind. I saw everything that happened that day very clearly.”

    Thaddeus coldly withdrew his gaze. “Considering that the event has gotten out of control, tomorrow night, you should hold a press conference and apologize to that employes”

    “What?!” Glynnis was shocked and angry, her face turned very ugly. “Why?! I was a customer at their hotel! Their service was so poor, and they damaged my n*e. It’s only right for me to criticize them! Why should I apologize?!”

    Suddenly, the big screen on the second floor of Moonlit Treasures lit up for no reason. A surveince video started ying, and instantly, everyone in the room was drawn to it.

    The video showed two se xy women in the elevator of the K Hotel, all dolled up in designer clothes, preening in front of the reflective elevator doors. It was Glynnis two friends.

    -“Seriously, I can’t stand it. Just because she bought a n*e, Glynnis is acting like she’s on cloud nine, even looking down at people. Talk about being full of hersett

    -“If it weren’t for her penchant for splurging on us for fun, who would even give her the time of day?”

    -“Do you think she’s one of those… losers? Hahaha…”

    -“Ugh, the way she was looking for her n*e earlier was hrious! She has no idea that we broke her n*e and hid it in the room. Let her look for it. We’re not the ones who will be embarra**ed anyway!”

    The video ended, and the faces of these two women turned ghostly pale!

    Glynnis was fuming, her eyes spitting fire, and her teeth grinding in rage. She walked towards them step by step.

    “No, it’s not what you think!” The two women started to back off in panic. “Let us exin! We were framed!”

    “You two bit ches… using my stuff, spending my money, and even daring to damage my n*e… I’m going to beat you up!”

    With a loud yell, Glynnis, totally forgetting her posh image, charged at them like a mad woman.

###Chapter 62

    Evadne hopped in the car without uttering a single word. Her whole mood was off, like a robot about to breakdown.

    Every time she thought about the cruel words Thaddeus had said to her, it felt like she was getting doused with an ice-cold bucket of water, shaking her to the core. How did she never notice before how nasty he was? How low-down? How shameless?

    Well, it was not a sure thing whether love brought happiness, but one thing was for sure. It could make you blind as a bat.

    “Miss. I’ve posted the video as you asked. Look, Glynnis and her two friends are going at it!” Jason thrust his phone in front of her.

    Evadne nced at the screen where three women were having a catfight, and it was quite a scene.

    “Da mn, this chick’s got some fight in her. She’s holding her own against two others. It’d be a crying shame if she doesn’t join a wrestling match.” Jason chuckled.

    “Pfft, all they’re doing is pulling hair and throwing punches, nothing special to watch.”

    Even though she said this, Evadne didn’t tear her eyes away from the screen. She was clearly saying one thing and meaning another. Actually, watching these women argue did help blow off some steam.

    “Miss, did Thaddeus really delete all the photos?”

    Jason remembered how Thaddeus had once held Evadne’s waist, Thaddeus’ actions clearly flirtatious, which infuriated Jason to the point where his eyes became red. But then Jason thought about how the two were once a couple and must have shared more intimate moments over the past three years. He felt like he had no right to be angry.

    “He must have deleted them. Even if he doesn’t like Glynnis, he still needs to protect the reputation of the Abernathy Group. To put it nicely, he’s just thinking about the bigger picture. To put it bluntly, he’s a heartless monster who doesn’t care about his family.”

    Evadne sighed lightly and unlocked her phone. She never imagined that Thaddeus would remember her phone’s pa**code. Maybe he saw it one day over the past three years and remembered it ever since.

    But what did it matter if he remembered? The man who never loved her from beginning to end would never know what “0923” meant.

    That was thirteen years ago, the day Thaddeus first rescued Evadne from a mountain. Perhaps in his eyes, her thrilling experiences were worthless.

    *Miss, what should we do next? Thaddeus has destroyed the evidence we had against Glynnis. That woman surely won’t back down,” Jason asked with a worried frown.

    Suddenly, Evadne let out a surprised “Huh?”, her eyes widened. Thaddeus’ number was now in her contacts! Despite her caution, she still couldn’t outsmart this cun ning man.

    Later that night, Thaddeus returned to the Windermere Estate from his office.

    Outside, it was raining cats and dogs. He watched as the raindrops slid down the car window, reminding him of na’s eyes, shining like stars.

    But each pair of eyes was filled with resentment, making his already heavy mood even more stressful.

    Thaddeus tilted his head back, and the neon lights outlined his sharp jawline, adding a hint of mystery to his stern face. He reached up to adjust his impably tied tie, its smooth texture reminding him of her slender waist.

    Thaddeus’ throat bobbed unconsciously, his breathing slightly uneven. He tried to banish that pair of clear eyes from his mind but to no avail.

    Evadne was bing more and more daring. During their three years of marriage, she wouldn’t even dare to hold his hand. But now that they were divorced, she had the audacity to provoke him in public. What did she take him for!

    “Mr. Thaddeus…” Gordon, sitting in the pa**enger seat, nervously called out his name, hesitating to speak.

    “Speak.” Thaddeus was thinking about Evadne, feeling irritated; his tone was icy cold.

    “Well.. the incident with Miss Glynnis at the hotel has blown up. The inte is full of criticism about rich people tra mpling on others’ dignity. Do you think we should…”

    “Leave it.”

    “But if we ignore it, thedy mightin to Mr. Frederic. I’m afraid Mr. Frederic might me you.” Gordon was worried.

    Thaddeus frowned, scoffing, “I’m not scared, why would you be?”

    His phone buzzed, and Gordon checked it. “Mr. Thaddeus, the surveince footage you asked for is ready.”

    Thaddeus looked up and took the phone. On the screen was theplete scene of the confrontation between that woman and Glynnis.

    When he was not present, Glynnis’ bragging, and her arrogant demeanor wereid bare, including her frantic attempt to hit na, and how she was counterattacked by na.

    Thaddeus raised an eyebrow, his noble and indifferent face cold as ice. The previous mood was just a warm-up; now Mr. Thaddeus was truly pis sed.

    Thaddeus had just returned home and changed when Frederic summoned him to the study.

    “Dad! You must stand up for me! I’m so hurt! I’m so miserable!” Glynnis was crying her heart out to Frederic, her face was not only wet with tears but also scratched from the fight with the two women in the afternoon. There was also a cut on her l*p, making her appearance pitiful.

    Frederic sat on the couch, staring at his daughter, who had always presented herself as a cultured woman, but was now in such distress. To console her, he stroked her hair, “When Thaddeus gets back, I’ll ask him what happened.”

    “This incident is getting bigger and bigger. I’ve received several calls asking about Glynnis’ situation, and I don’t know how to respond.” Elspeth was worried about her daughter, her eyes slightly red. “Now the inte is ndering Glynnis. How will our daughter face others in the future! How will other noble families view us!”

    “Don’t worry, I won’t let our daughter be wronged.” Frederic listened, as a trace of anger shed in his eyes.

    Just then, the door opened, and Thaddeus walked in with a poker face.

    “Thaddeus, you’re the CEO of the group, and you don’t even give a da mn about this video mess?” Frederic put his arm around Glynnis, ripping into Thaddeus right off the bat.

    “The group has a PR and legal department, each with its own heads,” Thaddeus replied, poker-faced, voice steady as steel. “I’m the CEO, not a nanny for every detail. Things I should handle, I handle. Matters I shouldn’t, I stay out of.”

    “Thaddeus, you think this isn’t your business? Glynnis is your sister! You’re cool with her taking the heat, throwing her reputation in the gutters?” Elspeth covered her chest, tears welling up, looking like she could faint any moment.

    “Honey, don’t get too worked up. Think about your health.” Frederic quickly got up tofort her, his eyes full of tenderness, as if they could stick to her face.

    13:30

    Twenty years had pa**ed, and the sight of their lovey-dovey moments still made Thaddeus feel sick to his stomach. His father had never once mentioned his birth mother in the past twenty years, nor had he ever visited her grave. That poor woman, who loved him dearly, seemed to have never existed in Frederic’s life. It was far crueler than hate or

    anger.

    “I’m okay… darling.” Elspeth leaned on Frederic, pretending to cough lightly. “I was too emotional. As the CEO of Abernathy Group. Thaddeus has a lot on his te. I shouldn’t have bothered him with this. But I’m worried if Thaddeus still holds a grudge against me, after all, I’m not his birth mother… If that’s why he’s reluctant to help, my love, don’t me him. I understand.”

    Thaddeus coldly watched Elspeth’s act, which he had been tired of for the past twenty years. He wondered why Frederic hadn’t grown tired of it.

    “Don’t overthink it. Whether this kid admits it or not, you’re my wife, and therefore his mother!” Stirred by Elspeth, Frederic’s anger red up, pointing at Thaddeus’ indifferent face. “You bettere up with a solution right now! By tomorrow morning, Glynnis’ articles and those videos must be removed! Or else, I’ll me you!”

    “I’ve already thought of a n and told Glynnis about it.” Thaddeus replied coo lly.

    “Dad! What n did Thade up with? He’s asking me to jump into a fire pit! He actually wants me to apologize to that female employee! She’s a nob*dy! Why should I apologize to her?! And today, na came to Moonlit Treasures to pick a fight with me. She pped me in front of everyone! Boo h oo… I’m too embarra**ed to face anyone!”

    Elspeth and Frederic were shocked. “What? na pped you?!”

    “Look at the p mark on my face, could I be lying?” Glynnis pointed to her swollen cheek, crying.

    “That’s too much! Thaddeus! What kind of woman did you marry, a demon?!” Elspeth was unable to bear her daughter being bullied, and her gentle face showed a hint of ruthlessness. “She dare to p Glynnis, I’ll sue her! We can’t let this slide!”

    “Glynnis was the one who hit na first, and na was just defending herself.” Thaddeus said without batting an eyelid.

    “So, that woman really did p Glynnis?” Frederic asked, his eyes dark.

    Thaddeus silently nodded.

    “I want you to contact her right now! Tell her to apologize to Glynnis! Also, you haven’t finalized your divorce, right? Make time tomorrow to go to the city hall and get it done! From now on, I forbid you from having any contact with that woman!” Fredericmanded sternly.

    Thaddeus frowned slightly. He was set on divorcing, but after hearing this, he unexpectedly felt ufortable. Almost without thinking, he retorted, “No way.”

    212

###Chapter 63

    “No way?!”

    Glynnis and her mother were both shocked stiff, one forgetting their anger and the other forgetting their tears.

    “Thaddeus! You’re defying me!” Frederic was furious, his blood pressure starting to climb.

    This unloved illegitimate son, who had seldom resisted him from childhood to adulthood, was now a CEO, bing more independent, and dared to say “no” to him?!

    Thaddeus himself was surprised at how firm he was in resisting.

    “What on earth are you thinking?! It was you who wanted to divorce na in the first ce! It was also you who insisted on marrying Acacia! Now I’m telling you to divorce na immediately, but you’re saying no? How do you see marriage? Like a child’s game?! How did I raise such an immature son!”

    “Like a child’s game? Ha, that’s correct.” Thaddeus was suddenly ignited with anger, squinting his eyes and sneering. “Because we are father and son. A son should be like his father.”

    “You good-for-nothing!” Frederic was so angry he looked like he was about to explode, rushing over and pping him hard! The p was so loud that it startled Glynnis.

    Thaddeus’ face was instantly imprinted with a handprint.

    “My goodness! We can talk it out. Don’t hit the child! Thaddeus is young and impulsive, his words can be harsh, and your actions are not only destroying the harmony between father and son but also harming yourself. It’s really not worth it!” Elspeth rushed to support Frederic, but she snickered silently, feeling like she’d let off some steam and couldn’t be happier.

    “Elspeth! I know you’re a loving mother, and you’ve always treated this boy as your own, but you’ve spoiled him too much. You never hit or scolded him, and look at the result now! He’s utterly spoiled by you!” Frederic’s palm was tingling, his face redder than Thaddeus’.

    “He’s always a child in my eyes, and… after all, I’m not his real mother, Thaddeus never easily epted me. If I don’t treat him better, wouldn’t it create more distance between me and him… I just want to be a good mother.” Elspeth started to cry as she spoke, looking very pitiful.

    These words each seemed to be showing weakness, but in fact, each one was adding fuel to the fire!

    Thaddeus grimaced with a cold smile. He had seen through these pretenses of a caring mother since he was a child, but he never exposed them. He knew Frederic didn’t care about him as a son, and if it wasn’t for his eldest son being sick abroad for many years, he wouldn’t have had the chance to be the CEO.

    It was not always the crying child who got the candy; the unloved child could cry his eyes blind and it wouldn’t make a difference.

    “Child? He’s already thirty years old! Stop making excuses for him!” Frederic pointed at Thaddeus’ face and yelled, “Two things, you get them done by tomorrow! First, divorce na immediately! And have her apologize to Glynnis in person! Second, immediately suppress Glynnis’ trending topics online and calm this storm!”

    Thaddeus smirked, his eyes so gloomy it was frightening. “Dad, is that how you negotiate in business, pping people first, then making demands?”

    “What… are you saying?” Frederic was taken aback.

    “Even though we are father and son, we should still deal fairly. Especially in matters involvingpany interests, there can be nopromise. I can’t divorce na now, because I promised my grandfather that I would wait until after his eightieth birthday to officially divorce. I can’t go back on my word. About the negative news online, my solution is to have Glynnis apologize publicly, and other than that, I won’t do anything.”

    “Thaddeus! How could you…!” Frederic’s eyes turned red, and he raised his hand, but just as he was about to move his hand down for a p, it was firmly grabbed by Thaddeus.

    “Dad, I’m thirty years old. Do you still think you can hit me?” The man’s eyes showed a chilling look.

    Frederic’s pupils contracted, feeling his wrist starting to hurt.

    “No! I won’t apologize! No matter what you say, I won’t apologize!” Glynnis started to make a scene again.

    “Gordon,e in.” Thaddeus’ voice became deep. Gordon, who was waiting outside, quickly knocked on the door and entered the study, bowing respectfully.

    “Bring out the documents and let the chairman see.”

    “Okay, Mr. Thaddeus.”

    Gordon’s eyes flickered, but he still handed the prepared documents to Frederic.

    “What is this?”

    “This is the financial report for this andst year of Moonlit Treasures, run by Elspeth and Glynnis.” Thaddeus’ expression was cold, and his voice was calm.

    Elspeth and Glynnis looked tense and rigid.

    “The report shows that Moonlit Treasures has been in business for three years, losing nearly ten million each year, and the operating expenses each year are taken from thepany’s public funds. Moonlit Treasures was decided to be managed by Elspeth from the start, and since thepany doesn’t get a share of the profits, there’s no reason for thepany to fill this pit.”

    After finishing. Thaddeus lowered his head. “If Glynnis does not apologize, then I will exercise my power as CEO to shut down their loss-making Moonlit Treasures.”

    What?! Closing down the store?! Glynnis was stunned, Elspeth was even more furious, her eyes red. She red at Thaddeus with burning anger, then clung to Frederic’s arm and began to cry. “Honey, Moonlit Treasures was the birthday gift you gave me three years ago! How could you close it?!”

    Frederic’s face was tense, looking at the evidence in front of him. Even as the chairman of thepany, he couldn’t refute his own son!

    “I can turn a blind eye to this for your sake. But, the condition is, Glynnis must apologize publicly, and Elspeth must make up for the misappropriatedpany funds by Moonlit Treasures. Or else, I’m gonna spill the beans at thepany meeting the day after tomorrow. No one’s reputation will survive by then.” Thaddeus said, his tone cold and firm.

    Elspeth red at her stepson. Moonlit Treasures couldn’t be shut down! She still had her big game to y.

    “Glynnis, you’ll hold a press conference tomorrow night. Do as Thaddeus said,” Frederic said, frowning.

    Glynnis’ shoulders sagged, looking like a deted balloon, drained of any strength. Seeing Frederic’s face darken, Elspeth knew she had lost this round. She red at Thaddeus’ retreating figure, wishing she could rip him to shreds.

    Thaddeus and Gordon, who had just left the study, heard the sound of Frederic throwing stuff and the cries of Elspeth and her daughter.

    Gordon scratched his head, a bit confused. “Mr. Thaddeus, weren’t you going to fight this to the end? Why the sudden change of heart?” “Mind your own business.”

    Thaddeus suddenly saw na’s sparkling eyes in his mind, and the scent of her breath when she was close to him. He was momentarily confused.

    He tried to convince himself that it was because he had seen the surveince footage, and heard Glynnis’ arrogant words that he changed his mind on the spot. But was it really

    so?

    Why did he react so strongly when Elspeth and her daughter were ming na, and Frederic was pressuring him to divorce? Could there have been a bit of selfishness involved?

    “Mr. Thaddeus, we went through so much to gather this evidence, and now we’re just going to put it all out there, just to make Miss Glynnis apologize… Doesn’t that seem a bit wasteful?” Gordon sulked, still feeling a bit disgruntled.

    “It doesn’t matter. Even if I expose this, the chairman can help Elspeth cover it up. They’re a loving couple, after all.”

    Thaddeus sneered, banishing na’s beautiful face from his mind, his gaze deep. “I just chose an oue that both she and I can ept. After all, at thest auction, I wronged her because of Acacia.”

    The man sighed deeply, a painful ache in his heart. “This is to make it up to her, I don’t want to owe her anything.”

###Chapter 64

    Evadne tossed and turned that night, unable to catch a wink of sleep. Every time she closed her eyes, Thaddeus’ handsome face hijacked her thoughts, making her heart race and her temperature rise. It was as if she could still feel his warm hand gripping her waist tightly, sending her emotions into overdrive.

    Suddenly sitting upright in bed, she was drenched in sweat, her breath ragged and cheeks flushed. They were divorced, yet the man who could still stir such intense emotions inside her was Thaddeus!

    After managing to sna tch about two hours of sleep, Evadne got out of bed and paddled a kayak for an hour to calm her mind.

    Breakfast was prepared by Jason.

    Looking gloomy throughout the meal, she bit into her toast and fried eggs with force and chu gged her coffee.

    “Are you upset about Bess, Ms. Evadne?” Jason, ever the gentleman, gently wiped off crumbs and stains from her fingers.

    “I hate losing.” Evadne replied, her eyes closed, not voicing her real concern – she hated being controlled by Thaddeus, even more!

    “And what about the Glynnis situation?” Jason inquired.

    “Give me some time to think. We need to deal with this before the buzz dies down.” As soon as she finished, her phone lying on the table buzzed. It was Emeric!

    “Emeric, what’s up?” Evadne picked up the call, her voice tense.

    “Hey, chill. I’m still kicking!” Emeric retorted.

    “When are youing home? Your aunts want to throw a party for you.”

    “A party?” Evadne was puzzled.

    “You’re all over the news and TikTok. You’re being called the most beautiful angel, isn’t it?”

    Evadne cringed at the mention of it.

    “They’re really proud of you and want to celebrate.”

    She was still worried about being exposed, and now they wanted to throw a party for her? Ridiculous!

    “I don’t need it. I’m trying to y down the situation. I don’t like being in the spotlight. It attracts trouble.”

    “Ungrateful girl. They miss you every day, and I haven’t seen you in ages. Can’t youe home for a meal?” Emeric sounded disappointed.

    “Alright… I’lle once I’m done with my stuff,” Evadne replied.

    “By the way.” Emeric’s tone turned serious. “Is that debt collector, Elvis, back?”

    “Yes,” Evadne admitted.

    “Hmm, if it weren’t for your brother, I’d have nned a funeral for him.” Emeric was clearly angry. “When youe home, bring him too. If he doesn’t, I’ll disown him. He’s not wee here anymore!”

    After the call ended, Evadne seemed troubled. She reached into Jason’s pocket, grabbed a chocte bar, and took a bite.

    “What’s wrong, Miss?” Jason asked worriedly.

    “Dad wants me to bring Elvis home for dinner.”

    “Ah…” Jason understood the predicament considering Elvis’ personality.

    “Dad’s temper is short, and so is Elvis’. They can’t get along!”

    Evadne savored the chocte, her anxiety slightly pacified. “I know Elvis. He’ll listen to me about everything except meeting Dad. He’s stubborn. I can’t force him. I’ll need to use my wits.”

    After getting ready, Evadne headed to work. As soon as her Bugatti left the hotel, she saw a swarm of reporters outside. Frowning, Evadne had Jason call the front desk for an update.

    “They’re here to interview the ‘angel girl’. I don’t know how they found out she’s our employee, so…”

    Evadne’s eyes darkened. She hated being in the spotlight. “Is there no news left to report that they’re making a big deal out of this?”

    Evadne sighed, “Well, this hype is temporary, and I’ve already asked my brother to downy the news. I’m sure it’ll die down soon. Let’s go through the back door.”

    Once at the back door of the hotel, Evadne asked Jason to park the car. She was ready to take the private elevator to her office on the top floor.

    As she walked, she was scrolling through the hotel’s Twitter feed. She was surprised to see the tidal wave ofments under every post due to the ‘angel girl’ effect.

    “Next time, I’m staying at a K Group hotel! The staff is so professional!”

    “That girl is so pretty… Can we get a clear front-facing picture?”

    “The K Group is trustworthy, unlike the Abernathy Group… When will they give us an exnation about bullying their staff?”

    A sly grin appeared on Evadne’s face. Though she preferred a low profile, she couldn’t deny the free publicity and the benefits it brought to the hotel. But with the Bess situation still unresolved, she couldn’t help feeling uneasy.

    Suddenly, Evadne’s brows furrowed as she sensed a man’s presence behind her, too close forfort. And right at that moment, the guy’s hand was already on her shoulder.

    Evadne’s eyes shot open, and she spun around, throwing the coffee in her hand right in the guy’s face!

    “Aaah!”

    In the next second, she grabbed his firm arm and brought him down to the ground in a sh!

    “Aaah!”

    This burly guy was easily taken down by Evadne.

    “Cr ap…”

    Evadne took a closer look and gasped, “Jareth?! It’s you?!”

    13:30

    “Cough cough…da mn…you’re tough…”

    Jareth was lying on the ground in agony, unsure if he shouldugh or cry. He said, “The charm of a beautiful woman is like honey on a knife’s edge…so dangerous yet so sweet…cough, cough, cough!”

    “Why did you sneak up on me like that? It was a subconscious self-defense move, you didn’t give me any warning and just came close all of a sudden.” Feeling embarra**ed, Evadne squatted down to check his condition. She looked serious, like a professional doctor. Her hands carefully inspected Jareth’s b*dy, showing more skill than even a professional ma**eur.

    Jareth closed his eyes, enjoying the moment, gazing at her intensely. He thought, ‘Thaddeus, you really don’t know how to appreciate what you have! Such a beautiful woman right in front of you, and you don’t appreciate her! Well, don’t me me for seizing the opportunity!’

    “It’s okay, your b*dy’s fine, no fractures.” Evadne breathed a sigh of relief, patting Jareth’s leg. “It’s not that easy to make me feel guilty, you know. Get up.”

    “I want to get up, but I really can’t.” Jareth made a pain-stricken face. “I’m not fractured, but it really hurts, it’s numbing my limbs! Can you help me up? Please!” Feeling a bit awkward, Evadne could only extend her hand to help Jareth up.

    Feeling her b*dy against his, his heart started racing, and he couldn’t help but lean towards her. Usually, it was the girls who approached him, and he had never had an experience like this.

    “Hey, Evadne, we just had a little physical contact, how’d it feel?” Jareth asked, raising an eyebrow.

    “Physical contact? Ha, now I finally know what’s wrong with you, it’s your brain.” Evadne scoffed, “If you had an extra eye, I might have been interested in looking at you more, but as an ordinary man, what’s there to interest me? Besides, it’s not like I haven’t been with men with better bodies than yours…”

    The moment she said these words, she realized something and blushed. The image in her mind was of Thaddeus’ muscr chest and perfect lines. His sweaty b*dy, the ultimate exposure, and the pa**ion…

    They only had one time together, but it was an unforgettable one.

    Jareth knew who she was talking about, and a wave of jealousy washed over him. His eyes showed apetitive desire, and he suddenly pushed Evadne against the wall, his captivating gaze wandering over her face. He slowly approached her, his tone bing deeper. “Who’s better than me? Thaddeus?”

    Jareth looked at her with a smile. “There are a lot of things you haven’t tried with me, how do you know I’m not better than him?”

    This pose was really the stuff of daydreams.

###Chapter 65

    After all, Jareth was top-notch when it came to courtingdies.

    “Hmph, are you really asking for a beating this time?” Evadne retorted, gritting her teeth. Her eyes were icy cold and brimming with murderous intent.

    Jareth didn’t dare to step closer, hastily retreating two steps, acting all innocent. “Ms. Evadne, I was just kidding with you. Don’t be so mad. Besides, I’m the victim here. You’ve already hit me, yelled at me, and even got my clothes d*rty. I have lunch with my momter. If she sees me like this, she’ll definitely be upset. Anyway, could you help me change my clothes?”

    Evadne felt that she had indeed gone a bit overboard. After all,pared to the superficial Thaddeus, Jareth was a reasonable guy. He had stood up for her when she was bullied by Acacia. She remembered these good deeds he had done.

    “I’ll have my secretary prepare a new set of clothes for you, and arrange a room for you to bathe and rest in, what do you think?” Evadne frowned slightly, her expression cold but considerate.

    “Ah, that would be too much trouble. There’s a department store nearby, why don’t you apany me to buy a new set? I may not necessarily like the clothes your secretary picks out.” Jareth’s mouth curled into a small smile, his eyes filled with anticipation. “If possible, I hope you could personally pick out a set for me.”

    Evadne thought for a moment. It was broad daylight, Jareth surely wouldn’t do anything excessive in front of her, so she agreed to his request.

    Evadne drove Jareth to the mall.

    On the way, her speed was faster than his heartbeat, and her driving skills were proficient. The journey that should have taken twenty minutes waspleted within ten minutes.

    Jareth’s mouth was wide open in shock.

    “Get out of the car, now.” Evadne unbuckled her seatbelt and emotionlessly opened the car door. “You’re rich, and you have lots of free time, but I have to work.I have got a lot of things to handle.”

    “Ms. Evadne, your driving skills are really amazing!”

    “Mm, I used to drive a taxi before I met Thaddeus. I’m very experienced.”

    With that, she got out of the car.

    Jareth, who had a certain reputation in the underground racing world, instantly recognized that this woman’s driving skills were extraordinary, definitely not something an average person couldpare with! He smiled slightly, finding this girl more and more interesting.

    It was a Monday, so the mall wasn’t crowded. Nevertheless, the appearance of such a striking couple as Evadne and Jareth in a public ce still attracted a lot of attention.

    Jareth said with a grin, “Ms. Evadne, I came to the hotel to see you, I’m afraid reporters might give you a hard time. You’ve been quite the hot topic online recently…”

    “I remember, you like to wear YL clothes,” Evadne said indifferently.

    “How did you know?”

    “The first time I saw you, you were wearing YL’s haute couture, and the suit you wore when you spoke at the charity auction was also YL’s haute couture.”

    “Oh? You’ve been observing me quite closely.” Jareth smiled slightly, secretly delighted.

    “But to be honest, YL’s clothes really suit you,” Evadne said emotionlessly.

    “What do you mean?”

    “Fancy enough, quite mboyant.”

    Jareth was at a loss for words.

    “There’s no custom-made clothing here like you usually wear. These are off-the-rack sizes, so you’ll have to make do.”

    “No problem. As long as you buy it, I’ll like it.” Jareth smiled slightly.

    Evadne ignored him and walked straight into the clothing store. The store clerk was very attentive when they saw the high-profile customers.

    “Money isn’t an issue, Mr. Jareth. Just pick whatever you like.”

    Evadne sat on the couch with her legs crossed. Her trousers were outlining her attractive leg shape, drawing quite a bit of attention. The store clerks were all stunned. Where did this strong womane from, with such a tremendous aura.

    Jareth squinted his eyes, licking his l*ps, finding the situation very novel. He had always been the one buying things for women, but now this woman in front of him was buying things for him. This was a first.

    He felt pampered!

    At the same time, twovishly dressed women happened to pa** by the store entrance.

    They bumped into Acacia and Una, who were shopping at the mall.

    “Mom! Look, it’s that annoying na!” Acacia angrily pointed at na in the store, who was with Jareth.

    Unexpectedly, this woman was also closely a**ociated with Mr. Jareth in private. She was indeed a woman who liked to h ook up with men and fawn over the rich!

    “Acacia, this is an opportunity!” Una said excitedly, “You find a way to get Mr. Thaddeus toe to you now. Only when he sees this scene, will hepletely give up on that cheap wench na!”

    “But, mom, Mr. Thaddeus is working at thepany now, he rarely apanied me shopping on weekends before, and it’s even less likely for him toe find me now. And…” Acacia whispered, “I just used the depression episode to regain his care. I need to behave better now, can’t be willful and cause him trouble anymore.” *

    “You’re so stu pid!” Una jabbed her forehead with her fingernail, “Finding him to apany you during his work hours is indeed unreasonable. But if you have a good enough reason, it’s a good opportunity to get closer! You always considering men’s feelings will only make you less cherished! Let me tell you, men like to feel needed. If you’re too obedient, they actually don’t like it. If you think of him whenever something happens, or find him whenever there’s trouble, he will feel valuable in front of you. You always depending on him will give him a sense of aplishment!”

    13:31

    Acacia blinked. She didn’t entirely agree with her mother’s words. In the past, when her father had power and wealth, her mother clung to her father like a vine. The result was that her father took her more and more for granted, he had many lovers outside, and at home, he made all the decisions.

    Mom had to put up with a lot to keep her ce as thedy of the house. Now she was fifty, and though she was secure in her role, the Stirling family had seen better days. Dad was always sick, and she was bing a joke in high society. She might have been Mrs. Stirling, but her life felt empty and pointless.

    “I’ll call Mr. Thaddeus right away and tell him you’re out shopping alone. I’ll make up some story about not being able to reach you. He knows you’ve been feeling offtely. If he cares about you at all, he’ll drop everything to find you.”

    Una grabbed Acacia’s shoulders and smirked. “Wait till Mr. Thaddeus sees his best buddy with his ex-wife. He’ll hate na even more!”

    Thaddeus had just wrapped up a meeting and was back in his office when Una called.

    “Mrs. Stirling.” His voice was cool.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! Have you heard from Acacia?” Una asked anxiously.

    “No, what’s up?”

    “Acacia said she was feeling low and wanted to go shopping. I offered to go with her, but she didn’t want that. She said she didn’t want to be treated like a sick person, so I didn’t go with her. It’s been hours, and I’ve been trying to call her, but she’s not answering. Then her phone was off. She… she didn’t get into any trouble, did she?”

    ”

    Thaddeus remembered Acacia’s severe depression and felt a pang of worry. “Did Acacia tell you where she was going?”

    “She said she was going to check out the new department store near K Hotel, but she didn’t say anything else.”

    “Okay, got it. I’ll go find Acacia right away. She’ll be fine.”

    After hanging up, Thaddeus grabbed his coat and headed out. “Get the car ready.”

    Thaddeus arrived at the mall as fast as he could, calling Acacia as he looked around. Finally, she answered. She sounded soft and gentle. “Thaddeus…” “Acacia, where are you?!” Thaddeus was worried.

    “I feel a bit tight in the chest. Just sitting by the elevator on the second floor.”

    “Don’t move, I’ll be right there!” Thaddeus rushed over to Acacia.

    “Thaddeus!” Tears welled up in Acacia’s eyes as she got up and threw herself at Thaddeus. “Now that you’re here… I feel so much better. I’m not ufortable anymore.” “Why didn’t you answer your mother’s calls?” Thaddeus asked, concerned.

    Acacia quickly made up an excuse. “My phone died. I just found a charger and got it juiced up a bit.”

    “You should never go out alone again. It’s too dangerous for you in your condition. Do you understand?” Thaddeus chided her gently as he helped her up.

    “As long as you’re with me, I don’t need anyone else.” Acacia rubbed her cheek against Thaddeus’ chest, smirking inwardly. Listening to her mom was definitely the right choice. Thaddeus still cared about her. She was still the most important person in his heart!

    Just then, people started to whisper.

    “Aw, what a lovely young couple! Look how beautiful the girl is, just like a girl from a painting!”

    “And the boy is so handsome, and so fit. You can tell he’s rich just by looking at him!”

    Thaddeus heard it all, but he was not the nosy type, so he didn’t turn around.

    Suddenly, Acacia squealed.

    “Oh my! Thaddeus, look, what a coincidence!”

    Thaddeus turned around, his face nk. Then his eyes widened in surprise. The next moment, his dark eyes filled with anger, as if ready to ignite in mes.

###Chapter 66

    Right up ahead, just a few steps away from them. Jareth and Evadne wereing over side by side, one tall and handsome, the other delicate and coldly beautiful. What a picture-perfect pair they made.

    A twitch of the brows from Thaddeus as he noticed the shopping bag in Jareth’s hand. Were they shopping together?

    Evadne didn’t notice Thaddeus and Acacia standing there; she was listening to Jareth’s jokes, the two of them sharing augh, looking rather merry.

    For some reason, Thaddeus felt a sudden heaviness in his heart, his eyes a little misty.

    Jareth seemed to feel the change in atmosphere, suddenly looking up, eyes wide. “Thaddeus? What are you doing here?”

    Only now did Evadne notice Thaddeus, his face clouded over. Her gaze flickered over Acacia in his arms, a cold sneer on her l*ps.

    Acacia knew this was her chance. She held onto Thaddeus tightly, ring at Evadne as if staking her im.

    But Evadne paid her no mind. Maybe in the past, she would have been jealous, but now she felt strangely calm. A rotten man and a cheap woman, what a fitting pair!

    “I should be asking you that, Jareth.” Thaddeus’ voice was low and his face was dark.

    “I’m shopping, you know I love shopping.” Jareth said with augh, seemingly oblivious to the impending trouble.

    Evadne thought he was right; she’d never met a man who loved shopping more than Jareth. He was chatting with her, but his eyes kept darting toward the shop windows. She thought if she didn’t have other things to do, he would probably check every store.

    But to Thaddeus, Jareth’s words felt like a provocation.

    “Who knew, Ms. Evadne and Mr. Jareth, that you two are so chummy in private, even going shopping together.” Acacia snuggled into Thaddeus’ arms saying, “Thaddeus, let’s go, don’t bother their date.”

    Evadne’s gaze was cold, and Jareth’s heart ski pped a beat at Acacia’s words.

    Unexpectedly, Thaddeus pushed Acacia away and quickly walked up to Evadne.

    “Thaddeus!” Acacia called out to him, but he didn’t turn back, leaving her fuming.

    Evadne had to look up at his icy gaze. Even in heels, he still towered over her.

    “What’s this about?” Thaddeus asked coldly.

    “I’m just shopping. What’s wrong with that?” Evadne replied nonchntly. “We just happened to run into each other, should I have taken a detour?”

    “You’re shopping with him?” Thaddeus’ gaze darkened, and his voice deepened.

    “Hmph, what’s wrong with shopping with her? I’m not a wolf.” Jareth spoke out in Evadne’s defense, clearly not pleased.

    Thaddeus gritted his teeth. “A wolf in sheep’s clothing!”

    “Ouch!” Jareth frowned at the insult.

    “Thaddeus, who I shop with and hang out with, is my business. We’re divorced, and you’re still fussing over my social life. That’s absurd.” Evadne ignored the anger in his eyes.

    Was he angry? What for? Was he jealous seeing her with Jareth?

    Impossible, Thaddeus didn’t love her. He wouldn’t be jealous just because she was shopping with another man.

    “Our divorce isn’t final yet. You’re openly shopping with my friend. What will people think of the Abernathy and Jareth families? You’re asking for trouble.” Thaddeus’ chest felt heavy, his eyes redder.

    Evadne felt like she’d heard a joke, but it wasn’t funny at all. “Thaddeus, besides the Abernathy family, who else knows I’m your wife?”

    Thaddeus’ eyes widened, his turmoil suddenly intensifying.

    “We’ve been married for three years. Have you ever shown me off in public? Have you introduced me to your friends? Did you ever throw a wedding for me?” Evadneughed brilliantly as if to annoy him on purpose. “Don’t worry, even if I put my face on the big screen outside the mall, no one would know that I am your ex-wife, Thaddeus. As for whether I’m good enough for you, you’re overthinking it. Let’s go our separate ways from now on. If we meet again, let’s pretend we don’t know each other.”

    With that, Evadne walked past Thaddeus decisively.

    Jareth thought for a second. He decided to leave his buddy hanging and follow the woman he was into.

    Thaddeus red at Jareth’s retreating figure, his breath turning cold, his knuckles turning white, and his face falling. Somehow, he felt like his treasure was stolen when he wasn’t looking.

    Jareth, you ba stard!

    “Thaddeus, I’m feeling a bit suffocated…”

    Acacia drew closer again, clinging onto his arm and resting her head on his shoulder. “Since we’re already here, why not apany me shopping. You’ve never been shopping with me. Look, Jareth is shopping with Ms. na…”

    Thaddeus red ahead, his gaze following Evadne like a heat-seeking missile.

    “Fine.”

    Evadne was striding forward briskly, her face not looking too good. Running into an ex-husband, what a mood killer!

    “Hey,” She called out suddenly.

    “Yep, I’m here,” Jareth replied promptly, his eyes sparkling bright.

    “I’m in a bad mood. Tell me a few more jokes.”

    Jareth couldn’t decide whether tough or cry. “I could, but if you really want to cheer up, how about I take you to a bar tonight?”

    “No need. I don’t drink with men I’m not close with.” Evadne gave him a frosty look. “And besides, aren’t you afraid that hanging around me will affect your friendship with Thaddeus?”

    15:18

    “You guys are already divorced, even if the process isn’t done yet, it’s still a fact. I didn’t do anything morally wrong. so why the hell is Thaddeus beefing with me? I can’t y this game!” Jareth grumbled, a pout on his face.

    At this moment, Evadne noticed a sapphire n*e disyed in the window of a jewelry store, which was gleaming under the light. She couldn’t resist but walk into the store. Jareth followed closely behind her.

    “Can I have a look at this n*e?”

    “Ma’am, you’ve got great taste! This n*e is a limited edition piece from our ‘Deep Sea Starry Sky’ seriesunched this summer. We only have five of these nationwide.” The saleswoman introduced enthusiastically as she took the sapphire n*e out of the disy case.

    Evadne was quite knowledgeable about jewelry and could tell at a nce that the quality of the sapphire was just mediocre, not top-notch. However, the n*e’s cutting and design were exceptional, the designer was clearly gifted.

    The brand’s name made the price of this n*e exceed 100,000 dors.

    “Do you like it?” Jareth sat on a small chair, one leg bent, the other straight out. His hand was holding his face, with a yful smile in his eyes, and a rxed expression on his

    thin l*ps.

    The saleswoman was stunned, this woman was gorgeously envy-inducing, and this man was stunningly handsome! What a match!

    “Hmm.” Evadne admired the n*e and responded softly.

    “You should try it on,” Jareth suggested.

    “Wow! This n*e is so beautiful! I love it!” Acacia’s voice suddenly came, sharp and delicate, causing Evadne and Jareth to frown. She turned her head and looked coldly at Acacia, who was holding Thaddeus’ hand and approaching.

    The saleswoman was shocked, her mouth agape. Good heavens! Wasn’t this Mr. Thaddeus? His demeanor was simply wless! But the woman next to him, in terms of dress or looks, was far behind the other refreshing beauty in front of them.

    “Ugh, why are these two following us again,” Jareth murmured unhappily.

    Thaddeus’ eyes were icy, constantly staring at Evadne.

    “Thaddeus, I really like this n*e… It’s so beautiful, can you buy it for me?” Acacia, acting like a little girl, shook Thaddeus’ arm, her l*ps pouting as if begging him.

    Jareth got goosebumps just looking at them.

    Thaddeus’ eyes narrowed, his l*ps tightly shut. In the past, whatever Acacia said was beautiful, whatever she liked, he would silently buy and give it to her. But now, seeing this n*e, all he could think of was that humiliating auction and the Ruby Enigma that he had forever locked away.

    So, Thaddeus hesitated. Hisck of reaction made Acacia’s smile gradually awkward.

    “I’m getting this.” Jareth quickly took out a ck card and handed it to the saleswoman. “Wrap it up nicely. I’m giving it to thisdy.”

    Evadne’s eyes widened. Before she could say anything, another ck credit card was presented in front of her.

    “Charge it. I want this n*e.” Thaddeus’ eyes were deep as he nced at Evadne.

###Chapter 67

    Two top-tier ck cards, and two rich and handsome men who were household names in Elmsworth, were actually having a spat over a n*e!

    Wow! This was some once-in-a-lifetime drama!

    The attendant, stunned speechless by the ck cards in front of him, managed to stutter out, “Gentlemen, there’s only one of these n*es in our store…”

    “I know.” Thaddeus’ icy gaze left Evadne’s beautiful face. “That’s precisely why I want to buy it.”

    Acacia chuckled in triumph, waiting for the man to hand her the n*e.

    Seeing Thaddeus’ determined attitude, Evadne bit her l*p lightly, her heart filled with bitterness. As expected, anything Acacia wanted, he wouldn’t hesitate to get it for her.

    Yet, he never cared about her preferences, her feelings.

    “Ignore him, swipe my card, and wrap it up for me!” Jareth raised an eyebrow, tapping his finger on the ** counter. “Didn’t you hear me say I wanted to buy it first?”

    “Jareth.” Thaddeus looked at him seriously.

    Jareth met Thaddeus’ gloomy face. “Thaddeus, you know what kind of person I am. There aren’t many women I’d seriously want to gift something to. Considering we’ve known each other for nearly twenty years, can you let me have this one?”

    Evadne’s eyes widened, and she looked at Jareth in disbelief.

    Acacia was even more shocked, her mouth agape! na was such a bi tch! Only a few days after leaving Thaddeus, she h ooked up with this trust-fund baby. How could a divorced woman be so cherished by them?!

    Thaddeus took a sharp breath. This was the first time Jareth had argued with him over a woman, even gambling their nearly twenty-year friendship. And this woman was his ex-wife, the woman he always imed he didn’t care about!

    “Thank you, Jareth.” Evadne suddenly spoke up, giving Jareth a faint smile. “I really like the n*e you gave me.”

    Jareth was captivated by her smile, his breath hitching. “No need to thank me, as long as you like it.”

    Thaddeus’ eyes reddened, rage burning in his throat! She dared to ept Jareth’s gift?! She dared to ept another man’s gift in front of him?! How could she do this!

    At that moment, Jareth had taken the n*e and walked behind Evadne, carefully fastening it around her n*eck.

    Thaddeus’ face turned white, his clenched fist feeling powerless.

    “Wow… It’s so beautiful…” The waiter eximed.

    “Yeah, this n*e is really beautiful.” Evadne gave a small smile.

    “No, no! I mean, you’re beautiful. Other people have tried on this n*e before, but none of them looked as good with it as you. Not only does it entuate its beauty, but it doesn’t steal your thunder either. It’s perfect for you!”

    Acacia’s teeth gritted in anger. She shot Thaddeus a re, but the man at her side had no reaction, no intention of trying to take back the n*e.

    “Jareth, I need to get back to work. Let’s go.”

    “Okay, let’s go.”

    Evadne didn’t pay any attention to Thaddeus, leaving with Jareth like a couple.

    “Thaddeus, did you mean to give me that n*e?! How could it end up in na’s hands?” Acacia asked anxiously.

    Thaddeus frowned and quickly followed. “na!”

    Evadne stopped in her tracks, looking back at him coldly. “What else do you want, Mr. Thaddeus? You’re not trying to take back the n*e, are you?”

    Thaddeus seemed to be stabbed by her sharp gaze, his l*ps tightly closed. He took out a ck velvet box from his suit pocket and handed it to her.

    Evadne hesitated. “What’s this?”

    “A diamond bracelet. The one my grandfather gave you broke, so this is a recement.” Thaddeus’ voice was cold, but he didn’t say the words “for you” that he really wanted to

    say.

    He knew how much she had hoped for him to give her a gift, but he had deliberately made it difficult for her, never fulfilling her wish. He didn’t want to make things easy for her.

    “Hmph, I don’t need it. My grandfather said he would rece it for me.” Evadne scoffed. “Mr. Thaddeus, you better take it back. If your fiancée sees it, she might misunderstand. I don’t want to take the me for that.”

    “Why do you ept Jareth’s gift but not mine?” Thaddeus’ eyes reddened, asking urgently.

    “Maybe because epting your gift makes me feel disgusted.” Evadne left him with those harsh words and walked away.

    “Thaddeus, I’lle see you tonight!” After leaving him with those words, Jareth hurriedly followed after the departing woman.

    Thaddeus felt a sharp pain in his chest, his b*dy going numb, his mind filled with Evadne’s cold words.

    Acacía hurried over and saw what had just happened. Her face was dark due to anger, her eyes cold.

    Evadne walked quickly towards the underground parking lot, her steps as swift as the wind.

    “Ms. na! Ms. na! na!” Jareth chased after her, grabbing her wrist.

    She turned around sharply. With eyes filled with sadness, she looked at him distantly. “Let go of me.”

    “What’s wrong? Is it because of Thaddeus?” Jareth’s voice trembled slightly, and he said gently and regretfully, “I’m sorry, I didn’t know he would be here. If I had known, I would never have brought you.”

    Evadne remembered the box Thaddeus had given her, her heart aching unbearably. Compensation? She didn’t need it!

    “Take this back.”

    Evadne lowered her head, removing the n*e from her n*eck and handing it to Jareth. “Thank you for the gift, but I’m sorry, I can’t ept something so valuable.”

    15:19

    Jareth was taken aback. “Were you using me?”

    “I’m sorry.” Evadne’s eyes dimmed.

    Even though he knew he had been used, Jareth wasn’t angry. Instead, he felt sorry for her. He felt sorry and lost because he could tell that she still had feelings for Thaddeus. She hadn’tpletely let go of him and needed time to slowly forget that man. Even though he didn’t know how long it would take, he was willing to wait.

    “Don’t sweat it, it’s all good. I’m not as bothered since you didn’t ept Thad’s gift either.”

    Jareth nonchntly waved, grabbing the n*e, and clutching it tightly.

    “Mr. Jareth, you’re actually a good dude. You see things clearer and deeper than Thaddeus. You may seem like you don’t give a da mn about anything, but you’re actually pretty thoughtful and caring. You deserve a better woman, someone worth your time.” Evadne felt a twinge of guilt, her tone softening towards him.

    “The better woman, the one worth it, is right here in front of me!” Jareth looked at her with bright, intense eyes, his breath getting heavier.

    “Thanks for thepliment.” Evadne smiled and walked away.

    Jareth stood there, powerless, and unwilling. Was he rejected? Probably.

    As the night fell, Sapphire Nights Club’s lounge.

    Thaddeus was in a terrible mood tonight, so Jareth had cleared the ce early, leaving only the two of them.

    Thaddeus sat at the bar, alone, his icy aura keeping the bartender at bay. In front of him, a ck velvet jewelry box.

    Thaddeus had carried it around for the past few days, hoping to give it to na at the first opportunity. But she didn’t even spare it a nce, how humiliating!

    He swirled the whiskey in his **, his mind filled with the image of Jareth putting the n*e on na, her sweet smile towards Jareth, them leaving together…

    Once, she only smiled like that at him, but now she smiled like that at every man, except him.

    ‘na, have you be this frivolous since leaving me? You’re only degrading yourself!’ Thaddeus exhaled angrily, downing his drink in one gulp.

    The bartender was stunned; he was literally ying with his life drinking like this!

    He poured another, about to down it when a slender hand reached over, covering the **. “Thad, you shouldn’t drink hard liquor like this. It’s bad for your health.” Thaddeus squinted at Jareth next to him, forcing a smile. “What’s the big deal about harming my health? It’s better than being betrayed by a friend.”

    ‘I… I’ve been with you all these years. When did I ever betray you?” Jareth, also in a bad mood, sat next to him. “Get me a drink, same as his.”

    “Jareth, na isn’t for you.” Thaddeus said coldly.

    “Why can’t I be with her?”

    “She’s already with Cas sius.”

    Jareth raised an eyebrow, teasingly asking, “Is it because she’s with Cas sius that I can’t be with her, or because she’s your ex-wife?”

    Thaddeus’ throat was dry; his heart seemed about to explode.

    “If it’s the former, then I don’t care. If it’s thetter, then I care even less.”

    Under the influence of provocative words as well as alcohol fueling the fire, Thaddeus’ long-suppressed emotions finally erupted. He knocked over his drink, suddenly grabbing Jareth’s cor, his eyes fierce as a blo ody knife.

    “Jareth, as long as I’m alive, don’t even think about getting near her! Not until I’m dead!”

###Chapter 68

    Jareth was scared stiff by the man’s cold, hard stare. Even when Acacia left him to go abroad three years ago, he wasn’t this pis sed!

    Jareth was just messing around. That was the kind of guy he was, rich, powerful, and straightforward. He never held back with his good friends. He was just trying to rib Thaddeus, but he identally crossed his line.

    And Thaddeus’ line was his ex-wife, go figure.

    The bartender was so scared his face turned pale. How many people in Elmsworth could get Thaddeus this tiled up?

    “Thad, have you…fallen for na?”

    Thaddeus had sobered up quite a bit, his heart suddenly clenched, sweat beading on his forehead.

    “Thad, haven’t you noticed? You’ve totally changed since you got divorced.” Jareth looked at him deeply. “We’ve been friends since we were kids. Isn’t it time you told me the truth?”

    “I don’t like her.” Thaddeus spat out the words through gritted teeth, as if he wanted to chew them up.

    “Alright, you don’t like her. Then let’s just leave it at that.”

    “Jareth!”

    Jareth ignored his fury, speaking for himself. “Thad, I’ll say it again, if you like na and want to patch things up with her, I’ll support you as a friend. But if that’s not what you want, if you’re just pis s ed because you can’t stand seeing your ex-wife being chased by another guy, then I hope you’ll give me a chance. Because I know what I want. I like na, and I want to pursue her.”

    Thaddeus felt like he’d been shot in the chest; he slowly let go of his grip, sta ggering back a few steps.

    Jareth straightened up, took a deep breath to regain hisposure, and pulled out the sapphire n*e from his suit pocket.

    “She…” Thaddeus was taken aback.

    “She didn’t take it.” Jareth frowned and chuckled bitterly, revealing the truth. “na isn’t as materialistic as you think. After she left you, she returned everything to me. Man, Thaddeus, how badly did you treat her in the past? Every time na sees you, she acts like she’s seeing her worst enemy, taking every chance to get under your skin. Isn’t it obvious what she’s thinking?”

    Thaddeus’ l*ps tightly pressed together. Thinking of how he had repeatedly ignored her feelings over the past three years, recalling that raggedy handmade suit and the room full of gifts, his heart suddenly ached.

    After finishing work, Evadne didn’t go home, but left Jason to go home alone and she went to the cathedral instead.

    The grand, golden dome of the cathedral was so luxurious and magnificent. Cas sius stood beneath the ma**ive cross, dressed in a ck priest’s robe, holding the Bible, preaching to the congregation. Evadne sat quietly in the back row, taking in his every word. His voice was so soothing, it felt like a cleansing of the soul.

    After the sermon, the congregation all left.

    Cas sius closed the Bible, and his handsome face was carrying a gentle smile. He walked over to his sister. “Why didn’t you tell me you wereing?” He reached out to pat her on the head.

    “Um… I knew you were busy, didn’t want to interrupt.” Evadne answered with a sweet smile.

    “Anything bothering you?” Cas sius sat next to her, asking softly.

    “Is it that obvious?”

    Evadne sighed somewhat frustratedly, her expression slightly gloomy. “Cas sius, I messed up today. I used Jareth to make Thaddeus mad. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn’t control myself! Seeing him with Acacia, and himpeting with Jareth to buy Acacia a n*e, I was… not okay. I really wanted him to hurt for once, but we’re already divorced. It doesn’t make sense, but I just wanted him to feel something for me, even if it’s resentment.”

    Cas sius sighed deeply, wrapping an arm around her trembling shoulders. “Evadne, you still have feelings for Thaddeus, don’t you?”

    “Cas sius, I admit I haven’tpletely let go of him. After all, I loved him for so long, and I’ve spent my youth burning for him. Those deep memories are all his shadows…”

    Evadne leaned against Cas sius’ shoulder, her teary eyes wetting her longshes. “I’m really scared. I’m afraid I’ll lose the ability to love. Thaddeus hollowed out my heart, and I might never ever be able to love another man the way I loved him…”

    “Evadne, love can bring pain, but it can also bring sweetness. People can’t help but fall into the whirlpool of love time and again, but as long as a person’s heart is still beating. they will never lose their ability to love.” Cas sius lowered his gaze to look at her. “Evadne, don’t be scared, I’m here. Just be yourself and bravely pursue the one you love. That’s enough.”

    I’ve chased after him, but the result is full of scars. I can’t take it.” Evadneughed bitterly, her eyes fragile. “Born at the wrong time, loving the wrong person, I can no longer see the one I love in my heart. I will not fall in love with anyone else.”

    Cas sius frowned slightly, feeling that it wasn’t good for her to have such a deep understanding of life and love at such a young age. So he changed his approach, chuckling lightly, “Don’t be so pessimistic. You once loved Thaddeus so deeply, which means there are attractive aspects about him, he’s notpletely worthless, and your youth wasn’t wasted in vain. It’s just that between you two, there was ack of destiny.”

    “Back then, I thought I had the highest standards, and the person I loved was iparable. But now looking back… ha, I’m more like the blindest person in the world…”

    At this point, Evadne’s phone vibrated. Jason was calling.

    “Jason, what’s up?” She answered the call,

    “Miss! I finally got through to you. The signal is terrible over there!”

    Jason swallowed, his voice slightly excited, “Check your phone! Go to the live stream! Glynnis held a press conference. She publicly apologized to our hotel staff!”

    “What?!” Evadne suddenly stood up, her gloomy face was gone, and her eyes widened, filled with surprised light.

    “Their press conference was called out of the blue, I guess the Abernathy Group wanted to get this mess sorted out ASAP, to minimize the fallout. But now, the number of viewers in the live broadcast has already exceeded five million and it’s still skyrocketing! If they feel embarra**ed, they should stick it out and show some sincerity since they’ve started this. Geez, their stingy behavior doesn’t reflect the style of a big corporation at all. They’re miles behind the K Group!”

    Evadne’s eyes shed, suddenly realizing sormething. The Abernathy Group’s attitude changed too quickly!

    15:19

    Yesterday, Glynnis was all set to go head-to-head with her, and now she was waving the white g so soon. Something must have happened in between, forcing her to change her mind.

    Frederic had always treated Glynnis like the apple of his eye, and with Elspeth’s protection, there was no way the Abernathy Group would let Glynnis be humiliated. So, who was putting on the pressure?

    Could it be… him?

    Evadne shook her head forcefully, trying to dismiss this thought, but in the Abernathy Group, other than Thaddeus, no one else could make Glynnis cave.

    If it was him, why would he do this?

    Evadne took a deep breath, quickly hung up the phone and entered the live broadcast.

    At this moment, the live broadcast room was buzzing like a carnival, with numerousments covering Glynnis’ pale face!

    And Glynnis was already standing on the stage, bowing to a crowd of reporters in a ck dress. Her face was pale yet somewhat flushed, like a ripe tomato, looking worn out.

    “Haha, this is what you get! Big corporations can’t control everything, can they?!”

    “Did Glynnis put on makeup? She’s wearing makeup for this? Has she lost her marbles? At least try to look the part!”

    “Sigh, is this the supposed dumb blonde?”

    “Dumb is just dumb, a beauty? Kinda sorta!”

    Evadne watched the screen filled with nastyments, a wicked smile slowly appearing at the corner of her mouth.

    “Due to the loss of my personal belongings, I temporarily lost control and took out my anger on an innocent hotel employee, causing her to have an epileptic seizure and almost making a big mistake. I deeply regret this and apologize to the employee…”

    Glynnis bowed, pretending to be pitiful, finally squeezing out a couple of tears after a long struggle.

    “But like everyone else, I’m just a normal person, I have my bad days and times when I can’t control my emotions. So I hope everyone won’t be too hard on me. These past few days. I’ve been subjected to unprecedented online attacks, I haven’t been able to sleep properly, and I’m on the verge of breaking down…

    “I admit my mistake, but I hope everyone can look at this matter rationally… don’t attack my family, don’t insult them, please…”

    “What a joke! Glynnis’ apology still feels like she’s acting!”

    “You insult others and now y the victim, the one being insulted hasn’t evenined!”

    “If it wasn’t for theizens’ usations, she wouldn’t have apologized to that girl! This matter could have been swept under the rug!”

    “Her remorse is so insincere, I can’t feel any sympathy for her!”

    Evadne narrowed her eyes like a fox, her smile growing wider. Glynnis had always been the darling of the Abernathy family, so today was undoubtedly her toughest day in twenty-five years. She must have been upset, but she deserved it. If she surrendered so easily, that would be too boring.

    Suddenly, another call came in, interrupting Evadne’s enjoyment of the live broadcast.

###Chapter 69

    Evadne picked up the phone in a hurry and asked softly, “What’s up,

    Arnold?”

    “Evadne! It’s like pulling teeth to get you on the phone; are you that busy?” Arnold sounded pretty stressed out.

    “What’s going on?” Evadne frowned deeply.

    “Did Elvis reach out to you today?”

    “No, what happened?”

    Arnold sighed heavily, looking like he lost hisst friend. “We had a few drinksst night, and he let some things sl*p that he shouldn’t have!”

    Evadne’s heart ski pped a beat.

    Elvis had an interesting quirk. They can’t take the word of a drunk man seriously, but when Elvis was drunk, he always followed through the next day!

    Most drunk people may forget what they blurted out, but Elvis had a photographic memory. Even if he’s so drunk he can’t stand straight, he can still remember everything he said, which was a handy skill for a top-** agent.

    “What did Elvis say?” Evadne felt even more anxious, sensing that something was not quite right.

    “He said he’s going to give Unfaithful Thaddeus a piece of his mind!”

    Evadne’s head started to spin. If it wasn’t for Cas sius supporting her, she would have lost her footing.

    “Elvis came all the way back here just to settle a score for you! He saidst night that he was going to teach Thaddeus a lesson. Even if it doesn’t kill him, it will punish him severely. Otherwise, he won’t be able to get this grudge off his chest! I thought he would listen to you and noty a finger on Thaddeus easily, but I didn’t expect him to bring it up again when he was drunkst night. I’ve been trying to reach him all day, and he hasn’t picked up! He wouldn’t really be nning to make a move on Thaddeus, would he?”

    Evadne’s heart was pounding. She didn’t have time to exin further. She turned around and made a beeline for the church doors.

    At the press conference.

    Since Glynnis Abernathy’s apologycked sincerity, theizens watching the live broadcast were pis sed off and heavily criticized her.

    Before she came, Elspeth had personally prepared an apology draft for her to memorize and repeatedly reminded her not to wear makeup on stage.

    But Glynnis was too arrogant. On one hand, she was still too proud to genuinely admit her mistakes. On the other hand, she thought she could take advantage of this opportunity to gain attention as “the most beautiful rich girl” with her beautiful face.

    As a result, her n backfired spectacrly, causing a whole lot of trouble instead.

    (I’m totally digging the K Group’s hotels now; not only is their service top-notch, but they also have amazing employees like ‘Angel Girl’. This is the kind of business that should be raking in the dough!]

    (I am so done with the Abernathy group! I’m never booking their hotel again when I travel!]

    [Yeah, boycott! I hope the Abernathy group goes belly up soon!]

    As soon as Glynnis’s apology was over, the reporters flooded the stage like a swarm of bees, with microphones practically up her nose, and the questions they asked were sharper than a razor.

    She had never experienced this kind of situation before and was scared stiff. Under the protection of two b*dyguards, she slunk off the stage.

    However, she didn’t notice the stairs and twisted her ankle, falling down with a scream. It was so embarra**ing!

    This scene was captured by countless shes.

    Two tall b*dyguards quickly helped Glynnis, who had fallen and couldn’t get up, just like picking up a frail chick, and quickly left.

    Five minutester, a trending topic titled “Glynnis Takes a Tumble” instantly gained high discussion and attention.

    As she wished, she became the center of inte gossip.

    At that time, Thaddeus and Jareth wereing out of the Sapphire Nights Club, supporting each other. The two of them had gone from a tense standoff to a friendly rtionship after drinking.

    Perhaps a good drink can solve those unspeakable problems.

    Both of them had drunk quite a bit. Jareth was a good drinker, so he was still sober tonight.

    However, Thaddeus, due to drinking too much whiskey and being in a bad mood, had a watery look in his eyes at the moment. Half-closing his eyes, he loosened his perfect tie, and his handsome face showed signs of drunkenness.

    Jareth was worried that he would fall down the stairs, so he hurriedly supported him.

    “Thad, are you drunk?”

    “I’m not drunk; how could I possibly get drunk?”

    Thaddeus rubbed his eyebrows, feeling light-headed. “How can your alcohol be this strong? Is it fake?”

    “Oh my G od! You’re really unreasonable! Is this why you drove na away?”

    Jareth looked at Thaddeus, who was panting with drunken eyes; his half-exposed n*eck flushed attractively. He couldn’t help but swallow.

    Thankfully, he was not attracted to men; otherwise, faced with such a beautiful man, even a man of weak will might be tempted.

    Thaddeus exhaled a hot breath, pushed Jareth away, and said, “Let’s go.”

    “Hey, hey, let me walk you.”

    “I’m not drunk; don’t underestimate me.”

    “I’m just afraid someone will take advantage of you!” Jareth frowned, looking very angry.

    “Do you think everyone is like you, Jareth? Are you always acting like a hooligan?”

    Thaddeus squinted his eyes, slightly curled up his l*ps, and walked towards his car without looking back.

    The Maybach was driving on a deserted road.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, the press conference is over, and the negativements about Glynnis on the inte have increased. It has already affected the reputation of our Abernathy group.”

    While driving, Gordon continued to report anxiously, “It seems to have a greater impact than we thought.”

    “Our Abernathy group?”

    Thaddeus’s eyes were downcast, his gaze obscure, “Yeah, only when there’s a problem and they need me to solve it, then they say, ‘Our’ Abernathy group.”

    He never considered the Abernathys his family, and aside from his grandpa, no one in the Abernathy family really saw him as one of their own, including his biological father, Frederic Abernathy.

    So, let Glynnis, the clown, continue her buffoonery tonight. He wanted to sit back and watch their downfall.

    They dared to use him and harm his wife. So, all that Glynnis was going through now, he felt, wasn’t enough.

    His wife.

    Thaddeus suddenly stopped, his heart pounding at his own too-direct thought.

    That cun ning, moody woman. Was she performing that ambiguous drama with Jareth in front of him today to humiliate him or to hurt him?

    Thaddeus tugged at his tie irritably, his anger gradually rising.

    “Gordon, pull over.” Thaddeus ordered.

    “Huh? Okay.”

    Gordon promptly pulled the Maybach over by the roadside, right next to a park.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, are you feeling unwell? Do you need me to prepare a vomit bag?” Gordon thought Thaddeus was going to puke because he was drunk and asked with concern.

    “You look more like a vomit bag.” Thaddeus replied coldly.

    Gordon was somewhat confused by this sudden retort, unsure of how to respond.

    “You wait here; I need to clear my head.”

    Thaddeus got out of the car and headed straight for the park.

    The streets were deserted, and a gentle breeze was blowing.

    As Thaddeus walked slowly by theke, closing his eyes to feel the breeze, his troubles subsided a bit.

    Mainly because if he stayed in the car any longer, he really was going to puke.

    Suddenly, Thaddeus stopped, his eyebrows furrowing slightly.

    “Who’s there? Come out.”

    “Man, you’ve got some sharp ears.”

    A mocking voice came from behind Thaddeus. He turned slowly to see a tall and erect figure, radiating cold, standing not far away.

    He was dressed all in ck, with a ck trench coat, a ck shirt, ck trousers, and a ck mask. His short hair swayed gently in the wind.

    He looked like a ghost in the night.

    “Who are you? Why are you following me?” Thaddeus’s voice was cold, and the muscles in his arms were tense under his suit.

    “I’m here to give you a hard time; isn’t that obvious?” Elvis replied, a smirk on his l*ps under the mask.

    “Why?”

    “Because you hurt someone I care about. She’s hurting because of you.”

    Elvis tilted his head, his fingers cracking. “If you suffer more than she did, she might feel better.”

    Thaddeus tried to focus his sight, looking hard at the man not far away.

    He had a feeling that he knew this man’s eyes and voice, but he couldn’t remember who he was.

    Elvis advanced towards Thaddeus, the atmosphere around them growing tense.

    “Who is this person you care about? When did I ever hurt them?” Although he was nervous, Thaddeus’s expression didn’t change.

    “Hmph, I thought if you had a little self-awareness, I might be a bit lenient with you. But I guess I was too generous. How could a heartless man like you feel remorse? If you don’t suffer a bit, you won’t know that karma exists in this world.”

###Chapter 70

    The familiar yet foreign voice halted, and Thaddeus immediately spotted the man before him moving with a speed and grace that was almost ghost-like, Elvis was making bold moves, clearly aiming to strike him hard; each punch was fierce and swift like lightning.

    Thaddeus furrowed his brows, hisrge figure dodging twice.

    “Not bad; your skills are pretty decent.” Elvis squinted his eyes, his tone filled with sarcasm.

    Thaddeus’s eyes sparkled, and he took a deep breath.

    He had retired many years ago, and although he still practiced boxing from time to time, it had been a while since he engaged in a fierce brawl with someone.

    The only things he could rely on were his solid foundational skills and muscle memory.

    After a few rounds of sparring with this big guy. Thaddeus suddenly realized that he was somewhat familiar with his opponent’s moves.

    His actions had hints of the closebat techniques they learned in military school.

    Who the hell was this guy?

    “Ah!!” Thaddeus was caught off guard when Elvisnded a kick on his abdomen. The intense pain left him agape, but he didn’t fall; he only sta ggered back a couple of steps.

    What a tough ba stard!

    “Mr. Thaddeus!”

    Gordon, witnessing the scene, gasped and ran over to support him, panting heavily. “Are you alright?”

    “I’m fine.” Thaddeus suppressed the pain, giving a soft cough.

    “Blo ody hell you dare hit Mr. Thaddeus?! I’ll fight you to the death!” Gordon was so angry that his face turned red; he darted towards Elvis without thinking.

    “Gordon! Get back!”

    Thaddeus tried to stop him, but it was toote.

    Gordon was no match for Elvis, rushing over like this was simply seeking his own death.

    “Ha, what an overestimation of one’s capabilities!”

    Sure enough, Gordon’s punch didn’t even touch Elvis’s cor; he was knocked out by a single punch from Elvis.

    Thaddeus was instantly fuming: “I’m sure I know you! Who the hell are you?”

    Elvis just smirked and raised an eyebrow.

    They certainly knew each other. They both studied at the same military school and were well-known figures there, but they just didn’t have any interaction outside of training.

    “You want to know who’s the most important person in my life, don’t you? Well, I don’t mind telling you.”

    Elvis strode over Gordon and took a couple of steps towards Thaddeus, grinning wickedly.

    “The person I care about is your ex-wife.”

    Thaddeus’s pupils constricted sharply, his fingers trembling as he clenched his fists.

    “You’re asking for death!”

    Thaddeus’s muscr b*dy tightened under his gray suit, radiating anger and fury.

    In the next moment, he charged at Elvis like a thunderbolt; their fists and feet shed, full of vigor.

    Elvis’s eyes darkened, and he found that even though Thaddeus was no longer a soldier, his moves were still as swift as before, and despite his sophisticated suit, he moved incredibly agile. He was not to be underestimated.

    It was like he was a bada ss gangster from a movie!

    After dozens of rounds, Thaddeus gradually began to lose ground. The effects of his drunkenness hadn’t worn off yet, his limbs were weak, and he felt dizzy. It was a miracle he could still hold on till now.

    Finally, he was knocked to the ground by Elvis, and a surge of severe pain shot through his back.

    “Ba stard, go to hell.”

    Just as Elvis was about to kick Thaddeus again to vent his anger, another man suddenly appeared.

    “You dare to harm my friend at Elmsworth? You’re really pushing your luck!”

    Jareth ran over at top speed and stood in front of Thaddeus, his brows furrowed and his eyes filled with rage.

    “Another one, what a nuisance.”

    Elvis squinted his eyes, and just as he was about to move, he froze.

    Facing him was the barrel of a gun.

    Jareth had somehow pulled out a gun and pointed it straight at Elvis’s head!

    “Don’te any closer! Or I’ll shoot!”

    Jareth was actually scared too; he witnessed the fight between the two when he just arrived and immediately came to a conclusion.

    He had to use a weapon!

    “Jareth, don’t be rash!” Thaddeus managed to breathe, his abdomen spasm in pain.

    “Thad, are you alright? He nearly hurt you, and you’re asking me to hold back?!” Jareth was livid: “If you don’t want to die, then get lost, or I swear I’ll shoot! The Jareth family can make you disappear from Elmsworth without a trace, no problem!”

    Elvis didn’t care at all; he took another step forward, his eyes cold and ruthless.

    15:19

    “Thad, run!” Jareth yelled, his heart pounding as he pulled the trigger.

    “Jareth! Stop!”

    Bang!

    The gun went off but the bullet didn’t hit Elvis.

    “Ugh, it hurts.”

    Evadne, who had suddenly appeared, tightly held onto Elvis, and the bullet hit her left shoulder!

    Although it wasn’t a real bullet, it was still powerful!

    Evadne was sweating profusely from the pain, her b*dy trembling.

    But even so, she held onto Elvis firmly; she wouldn’t let go no matter what happened.

    Thaddeus was shocked, his heart plummeting as if he had fallen from a tall building!

    Every part of his b*dy ached, but all these painsbined couldn’tpare to the shock of na taking a bullet for this man.

    His wife, even if she was his ex-wife, when she saw her ex-husband being attacked, she didn’t think of him first but protected the man who tried to hurt him!

    na, how could she do this to him?

    She waspletely betraying him and she was an aplice!

    “na!”

    Elvis’s eyes widened. He held onto Evadne’s shaky shoulder, and when he opened his hand, it was covered in blood!

    He gasped. Hatred exploded in his heart; the pain was like a knife twisting in his heart.

    “Ba stard! I’ll kill you!”

    Jareth was stunned then the gun in his hand suddenly dropped to the ground.

    na appeared too quickly so he didn’t have time to react. Otherwise, how could he have fired that shot?

    “Elvis.”

    Evadne leaned gently into him, whispering into his shoulder, “If you still want me to see you as a brother, you better scram! Or else, I’ll never forgive you!”

    “But na.”

    Evadne shot him a fiery re, pushing Elvis away without a second thought.

    A pang of anxiety hit Elvis. He knew Evadne was truly pis sed off. If he didn’t leave, he’d lose her.

    So, swallowing the heartache, he left quickly, arranging for Cas sius to take Evadne to the hospital.

    Evadne breathed a temporary sigh of relief, rushing to check on Thaddeus’s injuries whilepletely ignoring her own wounds.

    “Mr. Jareth, get the ambnce here now. Both of them need to go to the hospital,”

    “But you’re injured too! You need to be treated right away!” Jareth was wracked with guilt.

    “I know my own b*dy; it’s nothing serious.”

    Evadne gritted her teeth, reaching out to do a preliminary check on Thaddeus.

    *Stop being a drama queen, na. Get lost.” Thaddeus wasying on the ground, panting, his eyes filled with anger.

    He was mad because she had helped a criminal escape but was more worried about her worsening injury, hoping that she’d see a doctor right away.

    TII leave once I’ve checked you out. I’ll be out of your hair.”

    Evadne lowered her head, insisting on checking his leg with her own hands.

    His face was bruised, his l*ps blo ody, and his once pristine suit was now d*rty.

    How could she not feel heartbroken? That yful Elvis had really gone overboard.

    ‘I said, leave now! Don’t you get it?” Thaddeus, furious and worried, shouted at her.

    “No way! You have old injuries. I can’t take this lightly! I need to make sure you’re okay before I leave!” Evadne snapped back, her eyes red with frustration.

    Thaddeus stared at Evadne’s beautiful, serious face, filled with confusion.

    How did she know about his old injuries? Did Jareth tell her?

    Soon, the ambnce arrived, taking Thaddeus and Gordon to the nearest hospital.

    Luckily, Thaddeus’s injuries were superficial. Tthere was no damage to the muscles or bones, and his old injury hadn’t red up, allowing Evadne to finally breathe easy.

    In the hospital, Jareth never left Evadne’s side, except for when the doctor was removing the bullet from her shoulder.

    “How is it? Did it hit the bone?”

    Jareth’s heart was in his throat as he saw her walk out of the treatment room, looking pale.

    Evadne smiled faintly, shaking her head. “Just a few stitches, no big deal,”

    ‘Just a few stitches. You think that’s no big deal?”

    Jareth’s heart sk ipped a beat; he was on edge. “Will there be anyplications? Will it affect your movement? na, you can’t hide the truth from me; you have to tell me!” Evadne was puzzled, joking in a soft tone. “The way you’re talking, it’s like if I’m not badly hurt, I’d be letting you down. So what if I really was hurt and couldn’t move my arm anymore? What would you do then?”

    “I’d marry you.”

    Evadne’s beautiful eyes widened slightly. “What?”

    Jareth’s throat bobbed, his eyes turning red, his voice h oa rse but firm. “I’d always take responsibility for you. na, If you were really hurt, I’d marry you, I would never let you suffer any more wrongs!”

###Chapter 71

    ‘Oh my G od! Jareth! Are you okay?’ Evadne silently griped inside, then forced augh: “Mr. Jareth, you sure do have a lot of jokes today, enough to keep me on my toes.” “I’m serious, na; I’m not joking!” Jareth got heated, his big hand reaching out to grab Evadne’s shoulder, but she smoothly sl*pped away.

    “Mr. Jareth, as I recall, I’ve already said all I wanted to say today. Do I have to be blunt for you to get it?”

    “I know you’ve already rejected me.”

    Jareth looked at her deeply and let out a bitterugh. “I also know you’re with Cas sius now, but I still want to tell you that if you ever want to turn back, I’ll be right here behind you. I wouldn’t mind being your backup, or even your lover!”

    Evadne thought to herself, ‘Lover? What do you think I am?”

    But this man’s gaze was truly captivating, especially now filled with a touch of mncholy. He was quite a heartthrob. No wonder he’s always had the upper hand in love.

    Too bad Evadne was totally immune.

    Compared to him, she preferred Thaddeus’s eyes, which quickened her heartbeat and were cold yet captivating.

    “na, who is the man who attacked Thad? Are you close to him?” Jareth asked anxiously.

    “Mrs. Abernathy!”

    Just as Evadne didn’t know how to answer his question, Gordon, dressed in hospital garb, came over.

    “Why are you out of bed?”

    Evadne quickly walked past Jareth, supporting Gordon: “Even though your injuries are not serious, you suffered a mild concussion when you fell. You should rest more and not wander around.”

    “Mrs. Abernathy, did you save Mr. Thaddeus?” Gordon asked fervently.

    “I didn’t do much.” Evadne replied in a low voice, feeling guilty inside.

    “I knew it. I knew you still cared about him!”

    “Is Mr. Thaddeus’s treatment over?” Evadne swiftly changed the subject upon hearing this.

    Gordon nodded, full of anticipation. “Mrs. Abernathy, could you please stay? Even if just to see Mr. Thaddeus.”

    Evadne took a deep breath and walked with heavy steps towards Thaddeus.

    After all, it was her brother who hit him and everything happened because of her, so she couldn’t just sit idly by.

    In the ward. Thaddeus was leaning against the bedhead, looking out the window. Despite the scars on his face, his clear features were still remarkably handsome. His cool and proud eyes seemed a bit lonely right now, but they added a touch of fragile tenderness.

    It was this face that she had loved for thirteen years.

    Even now, she couldn’t help but be moved, but this feeling was no longer as pa**ionate as before.

    “Mr. Thaddeus.”

    “About tonight, I will get to the bottom of it. Before I lose my temper, disappear from my sight!” Thaddeus’s voice was cold, and his face even colder.

    Evadne had always been a stubborn person since she was a child; the more people told her not to do something, the more she wanted to do it.

    She walked to the bedside, fearlessly looking at the man’s cold face. “Mr. Thaddeus, I’m here to apologize to you about tonight. You can express any dissatisfaction to me; if you want to pursue responsibility, you can find me. He hurt you entirely because of me, so it’s my responsibility. If you want to settle this privately, I’m willing to take responsibility. If you want to handle it publicly. I think, Mr. Thaddeus, you don’t want to confront your ex-wife in public. On one hand, you are a man of status and you are about to marry Ms. Acacia. Having a public spat with your ex-wife might lead to spection and affect your image; on the other hand, if things get big, it won’t be easy to exin to the family, right?”

    Each of her words pierced deeply into Thaddeus’s heart!

    na waspletely standing on the side of the man who hurt him and she was defending him, taking all the responsibility for him. How could she protect him like that?

    she even wanted to protect a perpetrator, then what about him, Thaddeus? He became aplete joke!

    “na, who is he? What is your rtionship with him? Would you risk your life for him?” Thaddeus’s eyes were red, and his heart was aching slightly.

    “The gun wasn’t real; I’m not dead and I’m fine.” Evadne replied calmly.

    “Is there a difference? The moment you took a bullet for him, there was no difference!”

    Thaddeus tried to get out of bed, but his whole b*dy was in pain. He had no strength so he could only beat the bed in anger. “You and I were married for three years and you always said you loved me. But look at yourself, which of your actions was out of love? Do you think I’m a fool?”

    Thaddeus vented all his resentment, thanks to the influence of alcohol.

    He was a highly disciplined and patient man. Back on the battlefield, he was shot twice and didn’t let out a cry. But now he couldn’t control his inner pain and breakdown.

    “So, Mr. Thaddeus, you’re angry, not because someone hit you for me or because I almost died under gunfire, but because you feel I lied to you, and you can’t ept it?” Evadne felt extremely disappointed.

    Thaddeus shot her a harsh look but didn’t speak,

    Thaddeus, we’re broken up now. Why bother about these? It’s meaningless.”

    Evadne said coldly, “You’re angry just because you can’t ept that what was once yours has be someone else’s. You hate the feeling of getting and losing; the feeling of not being able to control anything. That’s all. Mr. Thaddeus, for the sake of your health, let’s discusspensation as soon as possible. If you want to settle privately, I can ept that

    Thaddeus closed his eyes, then opened then again, his gaze cold. “Tell me who that man is; tell me your rtionship with him. I’ll agree to settle privately.”

    “No,” Evadne answered without hesitation.

    “So you walk away from Cas sius, cut all ties with the Ashbourne family, and I might consider settling this between us privately.”

    11:17

    “Hah, in your dreams.” scoffed Evadne.

    Evadne’s l*ps moved with a tantalizing allure, beautiful enough to stop hearts and stir chaos within them

    Thaddeus squinted his eyes, not sure if it was the lingering alcohol or not, but right now, her figs were Emira

    He was a military man, self-a**ured, never keen on revealing his true feelings, and atde to resist any temptation

    But right now.

    “Alright, since you’re not genuinely interested in talking. I guess I’ll have to get my secretary to handle this, I won’t decor your radialog/

    Suddenly, Evadne’s vision blurred as Thaddeus grabbed her slender arm with a surge of strength, peting her into his arms

    Her soft b*dy sank into Thaddeus’ firm chest. She could even feel his heart pounding rapidly and his heavy breat

    “Thaddeus! You, uh!”

    Before she could even close her mouth, he sealed her l*ps with a powerful k*ss.

    She struggled in his arms with wide eyes, but he held the back of her head firmly, deepering they k*ss.

    His l*ps and tongue tangled wildly.

    “.uh, let go.uh.”

    Evadne was so flustered she was sweating and she pounded on his shoulder with her fists. The words she wanted to say were swatowed to by kickesteret enticing moans.

    Thaddeus winced from her hits. His eyes flickered with darkness, and he k*ssed her even more pa**ionately, lost in the moment

    Evadne’s cheeks were flushed, she felt weak, and she nearly melted in his arms.

    They had been married for three years, and he had never held her hand, let alone k*ssed her.

    But right now, he was demanding a k*ss from her like a madman!

    This was too much! His k*ssing skills were too good! He must have k*ssed Acacia many times, right? They mud han doze er fing

    Thinking about this, Evadne’s anger red up, and she bit Thaddeus’s l*p bitterly with teary eyes.

    “Ouch!” Thaddeus couldn’t help but cry out in pain, reluctantly pulling away from her soft l*ps.

    “Jerk!” Evadne was so humiliated and angry that she pped Thaddeus hard across the face!

    A clear handprint emerged on his handsome face.

    Thaddeus’s anger red in his eyes, but when he saw her teary eyes and her l*ps, even more crimson from his kids, hichert rces and he cores veniss

    “Thaddeus! What do you take me for? You tra mpled over my dignity when we got married, and now, even after our avorce, you’re call bullying me the will you inaly save me alone?”

    Evadne was so angry she was shaking. She wiped off the messy l*pstick on her l*ps roughly, her voice trembling. “If you went to vent go find e wonent or go find focal Buf you think you can do whatever you want with me and make me do things at your whim, you better drop that idea! Next time, 11 make po beting

    With that, she gave him one final re before storming off.

    Thaddeus was stung by her gaze. He opened his mouth to call her back but couldn’t make a sound.

    What the hell was he doing? He actually k*ssed her; he must be going mad!

    No sooner had Evadne left than Jareth arrived.

    “Thad, did you guys have a fight just now? I could hear you guys all the way out there.”

    Jareth saw the messy l*pstick stains on Thaddeus’s l*ps and was taken aback. “What happened to your mouth? You didn’t? Oh my g od you went too far Yore about to many another woman!”

###Chapter 72

    Thaddeus was dealing with a headache, and his buzz hadpletely worn off. He’d never been the one to initiate a k*ss with a woman before.

    The only two times it happened, it was Acacia who k*ssed him, and he only let her peck him on the corner of his l*ps.

    But he didn’t expect that this time, during his pa**ionate k*ss with na, he was like a wild beast, unable to control his desires. He couldn’t even understand himself.

    “I drank too much tonight; I wasn’t thinking straight.” Thaddeus leaned back, feeling weak and pinching his brows. “I can’t drink like this anymore; it’s too da mn risky.” “You’re just a drunken lecher! You forced a k*ss on my na! You’re a jerk!” Jareth was so pis sed off that he could do nothing but spin in circles. If he wasn’t injured, he would’ve beaten the cr ap out of Thaddeus!

    Under the influence of the strong liquor, he lost control over his emotions. But he had to admit that the moment his l*ps touched na’s, the sweetness was unexpectedly delightful.

    “I’m tired; get out.” Thaddeus said, his brows furrowed and his Adam’s apple bobbing slightly.

    “Thaddeus, you’re heartless! You should’ve picked a better time to take advantage of her! na’s still recovering from her injuries and she’s got stitches. How could you do such a thing while she’s injured?” Jareth asked angrily, his heart aching for his sweetheart.

    Thaddeus’s eyes widened, and his heart ski pped a beat.

    Evadne rushed into the bathroom to freshen up, sshed cold water on her face, and then left the hospital.

    Her eyes were full of anger. They were already divorced; how could he k*ss her? How could he treat her like this?

    So he behaved inappropriately after a few drinks? Did he just see her as an outlet for his desires? That’s really low!

    “Evadne!” At that moment, a tall figure rushed up to her and held her tightly.

    “Evadne! I’m sorry. I came toote!” Cas sius’s eyes were moist, and his heart was aching for her.

    “Cas sius, I’m okay.”

    Cas sius knew about her shoulder injury, so he didn’t hug her too tight on the injured side. “Does your wound still hurt? I can take you back to our hospital now; we’ll get the best surgeon to take another look.”

    “I really am okay.”

    Evadne managed to calm her disrupted emotions. She took a deep breath, her eyes were cold and her face pale.

    “Where’s Elvis? Let hime see me!”

    Evadne’s vi was buzzing with activity that night.

    Cas sius sat by the table, sipping tea with an indifferent attitude.

    Arnold and Jason stood by Evadne’s side; the two tall men looked helpless under Evadne’s strong demeanor.

    “Evadne, Elvis is your own brother; try to calm down.” Jason tried to defend Elvis, speaking softly.

    “Elvis is a professional agent, and he knows how to control himself. He just wanted to help you punish that jerk.” Arnold was a bit nervous, sensing Evadne’s anger.

    “A professional agent? I think he’s more like a hitman!”

    Evadne shot Arnold a cold look and said, “When you called me earlier, you were worried that Elvis might harm Thaddeus. Has your attitude changed in just a few hours?”

    “Oh! So you’re the snitch! Arnold, you backstabber!”

    Elvis red at Arnold, gritting his teeth. “Just you wait, I’ll teach you a lesson!”

    “What’s with the attitude? Evadne, don’t go easy on him. This guy deserves to be punished; you should let him get his punishment!” Arnold figured he couldn’t persuade her anyway, so he might as well add fuel to the fire.

    Whatever happened, Elvis was going to be punished tonight, but Arnold still hoped he could get out of this unscathed.

    “Elvis! You have the nerve to scold Arnold? Are you still refusing to admit your mistake?” Evadne was so angry that her brows furrowed.

    “What did I do wrong? I beat up a bad guy for my sister; what’s wrong with that?” Elvis held his head high, looking stubborn.

    “You’re infuriating!”

    Evadne was so angry that she mmed the armrest of the couch, but she moved too violently, and the wound on her shoulder hurt. She winced in pain.

    “What’s wrong. Evadne?”

    “Evadne, are you okay? Don’t scare me!”

    “Miss, are you alright? I’ll arrange for a car to take you to the hospital right now!”

    Cas sius, Arnold, Jason, and Elvis all showed extreme concern and anxiety when they saw Evadne seem to be in pain.

    Elvis knelt down in front of her, carefully holding her delicate hand against his heart. His face went pale.

    “Evadne! Is it your wound? It’s all my fault! You can hit me or scold me; I don’t care!”

    “This time, do you really realize your mistake?” Evadne was panting, and beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.

    Elvis thought about how his sister took a bullet for him; he felt so guilty that it was physically painful. “Evadne, I just care about you. I can’t bear to see my beloved sister get hurt by a jerk!

    You’re the treasure of all of us and we’ve spoiled you since you were a child, We can’t let Thaddeus hurt you! If he made you upset, he needs to pay!”

    “Elvis, I’m going to say this one more time, and it’s thest time.” Evadne’s eyes were red, and she spoke with a firm voice: “I married Thaddeus willingly; no one forced me. I knew he loved someone else; I knew about his cold personality. I thought I could warm his heart with my love; I thought I could make him fall for me, but I failed. Since I failed, I need to take responsibility for my choice. It’s not about him; it’s about me. So, I won’t let you bother him anymore; I won’t let you hurt him!”

    Hearing this, Elvis’s pupils contracted abruptly.

    “Elvis, for me, it’s hard to let go. It’s hard to move on.”

    11:17

    Evadne sighed deeply, a hint of sadness in her eyes. “To be honest, I loved Thaddeus for so long; even though we’re divorced now, he still holds a ce in my heart. Can’t we just chill out and put an end to all this? Why are you stirring up a ho’s nest just as I’m trying to get my life back on track? All this bickering and hurting each other, it’s getting us nowhere! Did you even consider how I’d feel when you hit him?”

    “Evadne! I screwed up! I really did! Please, can you cut me some ck and give me another shot? I’ll do whatever you want! I promise I won’t go and mess with Thaddeus again!” Elvis pleaded with tear-filled eyes.

    He’d been through countless risky missions without a hint of fear, but now, faced with the fact that his sister was dead set against forgiving him, he was scared out of his wits.

    “Evadne.”

    There was a mischievous glint in Evadne’s eyes as she pursed her l*ps slightly. “Well then, before you head off in a couple of days,e home with me to meet Emeric. Let’s have a meal together.”

    Cas sius and Arnold exchanged nces; no words were needed.

    Elvis was far from keen on the idea, but if it would make his sister happy, he was willing to bite the bullet.

    “Alright! I’lle home with you!”

###Chapter 73

    The press conference was a total disaster for Glynnis,pletely destroying the refined image that Elspeth had carefully cultivated for her. That night, Glynnis was exhausted, practically being carried into Windermere Estate by her ser vants.

    “Mom, you have to help me get revenge! You have to help me regain my dignity!”

    Glynnis was crying her eyes out,pletely losing herposure. “The inte is full of negativements about me. I can’t show my face!”

    “Revenge? How? Should I smack Thaddeus across the face, or make him resign and give his CEO position to you, you Immature brat?”

    Elspeth stared at her tear-streaked face in fury and asked, “What did I tell you before you left? I told you to follow the script I prepared, no makeup, to appear genuine and sincere! But what did you do? Youpletely messed up my n! You brought this on yourself, and now you’re running to me crying! What good does crying do Even your father doesn’t want to deal with you!”

    “Mom, I was wrong. I shouldn’t have disobeyed you. I won’t be so stu pid again!”

    Glynnis was crying and kneeling at Elspeth’s feet, clutching her legs. “Mom, although this situation involves Thaddeus, the real viin is that bit ch na! If she hadn’t been pestering me, I wouldn’t have ended up like this!”

    “We’ll definitely teach na a lesson.” Elspeth squinted her eyes, filled with cun ning ns: “Your grandfather’s birthday ising up, and I’ve nned to make na make aplete fool of herself and help you turn the tables!”

    “Mom! What are you nning to do?” Glynnis sniffled.

    The moment she heard they were going to deal with na, she immediately perked up.

    Elspeth crossed her arms and smirked, saying, “You’ll see.”

    Just then, Glynnis’s phone rang.

    She looked at it and suddenly screamed, giving Elspeth a start.

    “What are you yelling for at this hour?”

    “I’ll make that bit ch na pay!” Glynnis was so angry that she was screaming like a lu natic.

    At the same time, Elspeth’s phone also rang. It was a call from Acacia.

    “What’s up, Acacia?”

    “Auntie, you’ve seen the photos I sent to Glynnis, haven’t you?” Acacia asked worriedly.

    “Photos?”

    Elspeth grabbed Glynnis’s phone and was immediately taken aback!

    “I bumped into na and Mr. Jareth at the mall today while I was shopping with Thaddeus. They looked so cozy together, anyone would think they were a couple. Not only that, Mr. Jareth even gave her a very expensive sapphire n*e, which was supposed to be Thaddeus’s gift to me, but Mr. Jareth bought it and gave it to that bit ch na.”

    Acacia sighed in resignation: “To me, it’s just a n*e, but for Glynnis, it’s about her future. She’s supposed to marry into the Jareth family. If na interferes, isn’t that a hindrance to Glynnis? How can she ept that?”

    “Does this woman live to cause trouble? She even dares to mess with my future son-inw!”

    Elspeth clenched her teeth, her eyes cold as a viper. “Since she likes stealing so much, I’ll let her steal to her heart’s content!”

    na’s days were numbered. Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday will be her downfall!

    For the next three days, Thaddeus was recovering in the hospital.

    He didn’t tell anyone about this, and even when Acacia called, he made up excuses to avoid hering to visit him.

    Every night before bed, he would recall the scene where he k*ssed na.

    His l*ps still tingled from the soft touch of a woman.

    Had he gone mad? He must have!

    Drinking was such a pain!

    Thaddeus decided that he would never have anything to do with na again.

    On the fourth day, na never came to see him, and his anger resurfaced.

    Cold-hearted woman!

    “Mr. Thaddeus, the doctor says you can be discharged now.” Gordon said respectfully, holding a new suit.

    “Did na contact you?” Thaddeus asked coldly.

    “No.”

    “She almost killed me, and it’s just going to be left at that?”

    Thaddeus clenched his fist, his handsome face clouded with displeasure. “The graduation photo from my military academy that I asked you to find, did you find it?”

    “I found it!”

    Gordon put down the suit and took out arge album with a dark blue cover from his briefcase, handing it to Thaddeus.

    Thaddeus took it with a stern face and started fl*pping through it.

    He remembered the man from that night; his skills were simr to his own, and even though he was wearing a mask, his eyes were familiar. He had seen him before! Thaddeus, a military academy graduate, had strong observation and investigation skills. He began topare the faces in the photos with the man in his memory.

    After a while, Thaddeus suddenly stood up, his sharp eyes startling Gordon!

    “Mr. Thaddeus, what did you find?”

    11:17

    “So it’s him?”

    The man in the photo was handsome in military uniform, with clear brows and handsome features.

    The name below was Elvis Waverley.

    “na Waverley. Elvis Waverley. No wonder they call each other siblings. I see!”

    His impression of Elvis was profound.

    During their military academy days, both of them were outstanding students. The only one who couldpete with Thaddeus was Elvis.

    After graduation, everyone went their separate ways, and he lost contact with Elvis.

    Thaddeus’s eyes flickered; he was more and more interested in the mystery of na’s background.

    But as for Elvis, he knew nothing about him because the military academy kept each student’s information highly confidential.

    Turned out this Elvis was her brother, not some bad guy. He finally felt a bit relieved.

    Just then, there was a knock on the door.

    Gordon hurried to answer it, but froze when he saw who was there.

    “Hello, Mr. Gordon.”

    Jason, standing at the door with an expensive gift, smiled politely and said, “I’ve been sent by Ms. na to check on Mr. Thaddeus. Is Mr. Thaddeus awake?”

    “Come in.” Thaddeus replied coldly.

    Gordon had no choice but to step aside and let Jason in.

    Jason walked in, ced the gift on the table, and forced a smile. “It seems Ms. na was right on the money, Mr. Thaddeus; you’re ready to be discharged.”

    “Did youe alone?” Thaddeus frowned and nced outside.

    He was subconsciously hoping to see a familiar figure.

    “Ms. na is helping President Ashbourne run the hotel, so she sent me to visit you. As her personal secretary, my visit is the same as hers.”

    The first half of the sentence was not said by Evadne; he added it himself.

    His goal was to make the ruthless Thaddeus feel ufortable and get back at him for Ms. na.

    Sure enough, Thaddeus’s face darkened further. “I don’t need such insincere greetings; take the gift away.”

    “Ms. na said, if you don’t want it, toss it. She never takes back the gifts she gives.” Jason said, his face not changing.

    “Tell na to see me.” Thaddeus stood up gracefully, his figure tall and proud.

    “Sorry, Mr. Thaddeus, Ms. na is too busy to see you and she has instructed that all subsequentpensation matters will be handled by me. If you have any demands, just tell me directly. As long as they’re not too outrageous, she’ll agree.” Jason put on a formic smile.

    “I want to see her.” Thaddeus was firm.

    “No.”

    “Then what are you still doing here, yapping?”

    Gordon couldn’t take it anymore and stepped forward, saying, “I see what’s going on; you’re just here to pick a fight, aren’t you?”

    Jason’s smile at this moment seemed to say “You hit the nail on the head”.

    “Go back and tell na.” Thaddeus’s face was extremely displeased. “She must hand over the man who attacked me, or this matter won’t just end like this.”

    “The legal team of the Abernathy Group is indeed very powerful in Elmsworth, but the legal department of the K Group is not just for show. If Mr. Thaddeus really intends to sue his ex-wife on the eve of his wedding, President Ashbourne will not sit idly by.”

    Jason’s eyes suddenly turned cold. “But I think, as a sessful businessman, Mr. Thaddeus should understand that smart people don’t sue easily, right?”

    Having said that, he bowed, was about to turn around and leave, then suddenly added another question.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, Ms. na asked me to ask you: was it you who orchestrated Glynnis’s press conference?”

    “That’s a private matter of the Abernathy Group; none of your business.” Thaddeus’s attitude was extremely cold.

    “Alright, then I’ll leave.”

    Jason left with a smile.

    “This is too much! He obviously didn’te to visit but to cause trouble!” Gordon gritted his teeth, wishing he could run after Jason and bite him.

    Thaddeus took a deep breath, barely controlling his anger. “You send a car to follow Jason right now; any moves he makes, report to me immediately!”

###Chapter 74

    K Orld Hotel.

    In the office, swamped with work, Evadne fired up her game again. With a chainsaw in hand, she transformed into a bu tcher, giving the survivors a terrifying chase,

    On her desk was a serving of beer and fried chicken, her favorite grub to have when gaming.

    Whether it was top-notch French cuisine, Japanese delicacies, or borate royal banquets, none of it could beat street food, and certainly not the fried chicken in her hand. Evadne suddenly remembered the three years after she married Thaddeus. She endured the pain of her smoke allergy, donning a mask all year in the kitchen to cook him the most exquisite dishes.

    She recalled how her dad Emeric’s wife won over his stomach with her cooking skills. She thought that if she could also wow Thaddeus with her culinary abilities, he might give her a little more attention.

    To achieve this, Evadne secretty attended a top culinary school in Elmsworth. In the **room, she was the only girl among a bunch of energetic boys.

    When she returned, her cooking skills had surpa**ed those of her master. He couldn’t help but feel like he needed to take care of her like a treasure, seeing her as the best student he had ever trained, a true testament to his teaching career.

    But in the end, she realized that even though she could satisfy Thaddeus’ stomach, she could not satisfy his heart.

    To add insult to injury. Thaddeus rarely ate at home, and on the few asions he did, he nevermented on her cooking.

    The sting of dashed expectations was unbearable for anyone, but she gritted her teeth and endured it for three years.

    Evadne grabbed a piece of fried chicken and bit into it in frustration, imagining it was Thaddeus’ n*eck.

    Thankfully, she didn’t have to endure that pain anymore.

    If there really were magic shops in the world, she would sell love as the first item in exchange for Emeric’s health and her family’s safety.

    There was a knock on the door, and Jason walked in.

    “Miss, I’ve delivered everything and ryed the message.”

    “Oh, he definitely disagreed with settling it privately, didn’t he?” Evadne said nonchntly.

    “Yes. He said, unless you hand over Elvis, he won’tpromise.”

    “Huh, he really dares to dream; what an egomaniac!”

    Evadne won another round of her game and exited. With fried chicken in her left hand and a beer in her right, she looked very satisfied. “I investigated the scene afterwards; there are no cameras nearby. There’s no evidence that Elvis hurt him. Even if he wants to take this to court, he won’t be able to touch Elvis.”

    The Ashbourne family were all very smart and wouldn’t let their own get hurt.

    “But, Miss, I feel like Thaddeus is onto something.”

    Jason walked over to her and said in a worried whisper, “When I went to see Thaddeus, I noticed he had his military school graduation album on his bedside table. The fact that he suddenly started looking at it, I’m sure he knows something.”

    Evadne was taken aback, her beautiful eyes narrowing in thought.

    “Don’t worry, Elvis’ information has been deeply encrypted by the National Security Department and himself. He’s never shown his face at any public events of the K Group, and no one can prove his connection to the Ashbourne group. In short, I’ll protect Elvis. If Thaddeus wants to investigate, let him. I hope it wears him out to the point of losing his hair!”

    Back then, Evadne’s birth mother had quadruplets. Cas sius and Arnold took their father’s surname, while Bet Waverley and Elvis took their mother’s.

    Cas sius and Arnold looked very alike, but Bet and Elvis lookedpletely different, almost like a sudden gic mutation.

    This fact helped cover for Elvis.

    “Also, I asked Thaddeus about the press conference.”

    “What did he say?” Evadne’s eyes sparkled.

    “He said it’s the Abernathy group’s private affair and none of his business. He looked pis sed, like I owed him a ton of money.” Jason chuckled in annoyance.

    Evadne’s amber-like pupils tightened, and she bit into a chicken leg. “I know Thaddeus pretty well; he might be a bit ruthless when ites to emotions, but he’s brave and upright in other aspects. If he hadn’t done it, he would’ve rified it to you right away. So it seems like he’s the one who did it.”

    Jason’s eyes widened in surprise. “What does he want then? He’s the president of the Abernathy Group; it’s not good for him if the group’s image gets damaged.”

    Evadne suddenly remembered the domineering and pa**ionate k*ss Thaddeus gave her.

    Her cheeks flushed slightly, and she tossed the chicken bone urately into the trash can in frustration.

    “Humph, who knows, maybe he’s got some screws loose. I can’t believe I was married to him for three years and never noticed.”

    In the evening, Cas sius’ Rolls Royce pulled up in front of the hotel right on time, attracting admiring nces from the crowd.

    In an inconspicuous corner, a ck Maybach was quietly parked.

    In the backseat. Thaddeus had his l*ps pressed together, and his eyes locked onto the Rolls Royce like a hawk.

    Not long after, na, apanied by Jason, stepped out

    His ex-wife looked particrly stunning today. She used to always wear tailored suits, sky-high heels, and bright red l*pstick; her beauty was somewhat aggressive,

    But today, na had light makeup on her elegant face. Her beautiful long hair was down, and her golden ratio figure was draped in a light blue silk dress. The dress was cut to perfection, the waist was tight, and the skirt was fluttering, entuating her graceful figure like a fairy descending to earth.

    Thaddeus’ gaze darkened even more, a bitterness welling up in his heart.

    She had the beauty and the perfect figure to match all the fancy dresses in the world, but in their three years of marriage, she only wore cotton white dresses and white sneakers.

    11-17

    Everything Cas sius could provide for her, he could too.

    But why was she always penny-pinching during their three years of marriage?

    Was she trying to make people think that Thaddeus couldn’t take care of his woman?

    Seeing his ex-wife getting into Cas sius’s car, Thaddeus’s face tightened, muttering. “Drive, follow them!”

    The Rolls-Royce headed towards Skyrim.

    In the car, Evadne lifted her cute nose, proudly presenting the financial report she had prepared for Emeric and a series of expansion ns to her brother Ca sius.

    “Cas sius, my work has been going smoothly, and the results of these two months are satisfying, right? I did well, didn’t I?”

    Cas sius fl*pped through the documents with his left hand, gently patting his sister’s head with his right. “You’re really our little princess, super smart. What others take a year to achieve, you’ve done in two months. You’re a born businesswoman.”

    “I’m not a little princess; I’m a strong woman working to expand our family’s empire.”

    Evadne puffed up her l*ps proudly and said, “When I be the CEO of the K Group, all of Skyrim will bow to me. No, not just Skyrim, but also Elmsworth. The K Group is going to conquer Elmsworth; the days of the Abernathy Group’s monopoly are numbered!”

    “Good, you’ve got the vibe of Catherine the Great.”

    Cas sius nodded gently, then asked with concern, “If you’re going to conquer èlmsworth, you’ll inevitably have topete with Thaddeus; are you confident?”

    ‘Absolutely! I can’t wait.”

    Evadne clenched her fists, her eyes sparkling with ambition. “I’ve already lost in love; can’t I win in business?”

    “Of course, with such determination, I will fully support you.” Cas sius’s gentle smile was particrly charming.

    “So, how do you n to support me?” Evadne rubbed her hands together, her eyes sparkling with anticipation.

    “I’ll pray for you; the Lord will bless you.”

    Not far behind, the Maybach followed.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, this seems to be the direction to Skyrim!” Gordon said while driving.

    “Indeed, it’s the direction to Skyrim.” Thaddeus’s voice was low.

    “Oh my! Could it be that President Ashbourne is taking his fiancé to meet his parents? Mr. Thaddeus, your wife is really about to be sna tched away by President Ashbourne, you have to think of something!”

    “She dares!”

    Thaddeus’s temples throbbed, gritting out every syble: “We’re not divorced yet; she’s still my wife in name. In such a hurry to remarry? Thinking I’m gone?”

    It’s only been a few days since her brother beat him up. She didn’t even ask about him, and now she’s going home with her new lover?

    na, was she so eager to leave him, trying to humiliate him?

    “But Mr. Thaddeus, ording to the agreement, after your grandfather’s birthday, you and your wife will have to divorce. There will be a day when you can’t control her.” Gordon sighed helplessly.

    Thaddeus’s long eyshes trembled, and his chest felt like it was being pressed by a heavy stone.

    For some reason, he was panicked.

###Chapter 75

    A Rolls Royce rolled into the gates of Silveke Harbor, the vintage-style buildings standing tall and majestic under the sunset

    The moment the gates opened, the ser vants were all abuzz.

    “The Miss is back!”

    Evadne and Cas sius had barely stepped out of the car when they saw the butler and the ser vants lined up on both sides, bowing respectfully.

    “Wee home, Miss!”

    “Miss, may you be forever happy and healthy!”

    Evadne smiled in response, saying. “The same to you guys.”

    Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out.

    “Evadne! You’re finally back! We’ve missed you so much!”

    Following the sound, she saw Suri and a short-haired woman rushing towards her. The woman was dressed in a purple satin shirt and ck wide-leg trousers and was tall and beautiful. She was Emeric Ashbourne’sst and youngest wife, Aviana Ashbourne.

    “Suri, Aviana.” Evadne smiled and greeted them with a warm hug.

    Cas sius watched this scene with mixed feelings.

    The Ashbourne family was Skyrim’s top family, withplicated rtionships and numerous family feuds. When Aviana joined the Ashbourne family, all hell broke loose. That’s why Evadne left home to be a doctor without borders, leading a tough and nomadic life. But these three women slowly melted her indifference with their sincerity. while Cas sius shared many stories about them, helping Evadne gradually ept them.

    The problem now was that if there was anyone to me, it was their father, Emeric.

    “Evadne, you’ve lost weight.” Aviana looked at Evadne with a reproachful look. “Cas sius, if you’re too busy to take care of Evadne, just spit it out; we can help. You said you would help Evadne gain weight, but now she looks like a skinny monkey. You owe me an exnation.”

    Cas sius chuckled, “My bad, my bad, I’ll make it right.”

    Evadne chimed in, “Aviana, you know I’m the type who can eat and not gain weight. Cas sius even brought his chief secretary, Jason, to take care of me. You know Jason’s cooking skills; I’m well taken care of every day so you guys don’t have to worry.”

    Avianaughed in response, saying, “I don’t buy it. Can Jason’s cooking skillspare to Myra’s? Myra has been busy preparing ingredients since she heard you wereing back. She’s been in the kitchen all day, not even taking a sip of water. Your dad said it’s like she’s preparing for a state banquet, even more formal than entertaining foreign dignitaries.”

    Evadne chuckled, “Myra is taking it too seriously; I said a family dinner would be enough; it’s all about the reunion.”

    “We all offered to help her, but she insisted on doing it herself because she said she doesn’t trust anyone else’s cooking skills.”

    Suri sighed lightly,ughing. “Myra may seem the gentlest, but who knew she could be so stubborn? She’s truly uncontroble.”

    “Myra doesn’t distrust you, Suri; she distrusts Aviana, right?”

    Evadne giggled, “After all, after you burnt the pot four times, set off the fire rm three times, and blew up the stove twice, she doesn’t dare let you anywhere near the kitchen.”

    “Evadne, can you not always reveal my shorings? We’re still friends, right?” Aviana raised an eyebrow, reaching out to tickle Evadne.

    “Friends, the best of friends! Haha!”

    They started fooling around like children.

    Whenever Evadne thought about Myra Barlow Ashbourne, she would remember her days as Thaddeus’s wife in the Abernathy family.

    She lived like she was walking on thin ice for those three years, careful not to upset Thaddeus or the Abernathy family.

    She only endured for three years, and it felt like she had been skinned alive. Myra had been there for twenty years; how did she manage?

    Women shouldn’t have to be so humble for men; they should be independent, strong, and beautiful, blossoming proudly like flowers in the snow, not wasting away in a mansion; it would be such a waste.

    Arge crowd gathered around Evadne, everyone happily apanying her into the vi.

    The evening breeze was refreshing, as was the moon’s crescent.

    A Maybach quietly parked outside Silveke Harbor, enveloped by the lonely night.

    Gordon opened the car door, and Thaddeus got out of the car with his long legs, his deep eyes looking at the gate across the street.

    “I’ve heard that Chairman Emeric has a penchant for vintage European architecture and has dozens of estates all over the country. Now that I’m here, it seems the rumors were true.”

    Gordon admired the elegant and **ic architecture of Silveke Harbor: “This is like paradise on earth; it’s truly breathtaking. It even outshines the Windermere Estate.”

    Realizing he might have said something wrong, he quickly turned away and smacked his l*ps in self-reproach.

    Thaddeus’s eyes were dark, darker than the night sky, reflecting the brightly lit Ashbourne family. He could faintly hear theughter and chatter, feeling as if his heart was submerged in a winterke, the cold spreading throughout his b*dy.

    na, as Cas sius’s girlfriend, was very popr in the Ashbourne family.

    At first, he thought the Ashbourne group’s rtionships wereplicated. Emeric had three wives besides his deceased wife. Although they were not officially married, they each had offspring in the Ashbourne family.

    na wanted to marry into the Ashbourne family. Those three wives were like three mountains so her situation would definitely be very difficult then she might choose to back down.

    But who would’ve thought she actually got along so well with Cas sius’s family that he could hear theirughter from miles away?

    The Ashbourne family folks seemed to like her so much.

    Thaddeus’s face was getting paler and paler, and his heart was filled with an unprecedented sense of misery as he felt like he was having trouble breathing.

    “Do you have a cigarette? I could use one.”

    “Emeric! I’m back!” Evadne shouted as soon as she entered the living room.

    “Could you be any slower? I’m about to pa** out from hunger!”

    Emeric grumbled, striding over with Arnold following behind.

    “Wow, you’re looking sharp, Emeric. What’s with the formal getup? Trying to outshine everyone else?” Evadne joked, giving her dad a once-over.

    Emeric was dressed in a waistcoat over a white shirt, a fine gold watch chain hanging from hispel. Despite his age, his face was still handsome and clear-cut. He looked every bit the wealthy duke from a TV drama.

    “Do I need to try to outdo you guys?” Emeric raised an eyebrow and said, “I could be in a movie with my casual outfits. If it was thirty years ago, I’d be on posters being admired by countless women, alright?”

    “Uh, Dad, that’s a bit ominous; the ‘admired’ ones are usually dead.” Arnold reminded him quietly.

    “Can you shut up? Who would know if you didn’t say anything?” Emeric shot him a re.

    Everyone else knew, except for Emeric!

    “Where are the others? You didn’t tell Daryl and Aaron toe back, did you?” Evadne asked with concern.

    “Miss, would we dare not follow your orders?” Suri replied with a knowing smile, “Don’t worry, we didn’t tell them.”

    “Hmm, so you guys intentionally didn’t let those jerkse back? I was wondering why they were so heartless! They didn’t even know!”

    Emeric sighed regretfully. “Ah, it’s a family dinner tonight; you should have called the kids back for a reunion!”

    “Daryl Ashbourne married into the Helgen family; it’s so far away, how could you ask her to travel back? Aaron is busy with cases at the police station, and our youngest sister has examsing up and needs to study. It’s not convenient for her to leave school. Stopining! Isn’t this crowd enough for you?” Evadne gave her father a piece of her mind.

    “What about Elvis? He’s always idling around, doing nothing. He’s in Elmsworth; it’s only a two-hour drive. Why didn’t hee? Is he dead?” Emeric was clearly irritated when he brought up his fourth son.

    “Elvis, he.” Before Evadne could finish, a clear and pleasant voice came from behind.

    “I was waiting for you to scold me. If you didn’t speak up, how would I have a chance to appear?”

    Everyone turned around to see Elvis, hands in the pockets of his ck trench coat, a mischievous smile on his handsome face as he sauntered over.

    “Chairman Emeric, I’m still alive, much to your disappointment.”

    As soon as Elvis appeared, Suri and Aviana hurriedly stepped back, their smiles fading.

    They knew that Elvis detested this family and them even more. So it was best to stay out of sight at this time.

    Evadne breathed a sigh of relief.

    As expected, Elvis, always appearing and disappearing unexpectedly, avoiding this family like the gue.

    “Where’s dinner? Is it ready yet? I thought we were eating. Let’s get on with it so I can go about my idle and aimless ways.”

    As he spoke, Elvis’s meaningful gaze fell on Evadne.

    His expression seemed to say: I’ve done my part; don’t be angry anymore.

    Evadne’s eyes flickered, and she deliberately avoided his gaze.

    The atmosphere in the living room instantly lightened.

    Emeric, frustrated, rubbed his cheek and expressionlessly walked up to his son.

    “Send me one of your recent photos.”

    “Why?”

    expres pen teven

    “I’m afraid that one day you’ll actually be gone, and I won’t even have a photo to remember you by! Send it to me now!”

###Chapter 76

    Geez! Emeric’s words were just unbearable. What kind of father cursed his own son to die?

    “Really, is that necessary?”

    Elvis squinted at his father, raising an eyebrow slightly. “I’m sure I need to take good care of myself for your sake. Otherwise, when your critical illness noticees in the future and a decision needs to be made by the family, I’m afraid my brothers won’t have the guts. So, you’ll have to rely on your obedient son, me.”

    “You dare to decide my life and death! I’ll teach you a lesson

    Emeric blew his top, shouting for the butter to punish him while wishing he could take off his handmade leather shoes and throw them at Elvis’ smirking face!

    Cas sius and Arnold had a hard time calming him down. Suri and Aviana also tried to soothe him, but they couldn’t quench Emeric’s rage.

    Suddenly, a gentle as water voice came weakly,

    “Um, the food is ready, shall we eat?”

    The noisy crowd went silent, and all heads turned.

    Myra, slender in her apron, holding a spat in her hand, her delicate skin glowing, looked at everyone with a puzzled face.

    Gurgle. Emeric’s belly timely rumbled,

    “Eat, eat! Only with a full belly will I have the energy to teach you a lessont

    Everyone breathed a sigh of relief and apanied Emeric to the dining room.

    “Elvis, your joke just now was a bit too much. Dad is a broad-minded man, but you shouldn’t say things like that Cas sius spoke seriously to Elvis.

    “Who told you I was joking? I was very serious.” Elvis raised an eyebrow.

    “Elvis.” Cas sius’ face suddenly changed; his eyes were cold as if a chilling wind had swept through

    “Humph, why are you angry? He was the one who cursed me first; I was just responding. Okay, let’s not talk about it. Don’t look at me like that I’ll have nightmares.”

    Elvis took a cold breath and immediately became obedient, mumbling and walking towards the dining room.

    Cas sius’s gaze softened again, helplessly sighing and following after him.

    “Ah, only Cas sius can keep Elvis in check; one look of warning, and Elvis immediately bes as docile as a bird.”

    Arnold tried to imitate Cas sius, furrowing his brows and straining his eyes. 1 guess I need to learn Cas sius’ deadly re; see if Elvis dares to defy me!”

    Evadne looked at him with disdain and said, “Stop trying: your eyes are going worky.”

    Tonight, Emeric was in an exceptionally good mood, drinking and glowing with a red face, one ** after another. Suri had tried to stop him several times but to no avail. Although at the dinner table, father and son at the opposite ends of the table had nomunication, everyone could see that Emeric was genuinely touched that Elvis coulde to visit him. He often nced at Elvis when others weren’t paying attention, as if the person sitting there was someone he deeply cared about.

    Elvis keenly sensed this deep gaze but always avoided it

    The old man’s heart inevitably felt a bit lost

    Evadne was very sensitive, able to catch every subtle change, which made her a bit uneasy.

    She clearly knew that Elvis’ pain had not been relieved; he still resented Emeric for not being able to love only their mother.

    The Ashbourne family’s business was huge, with a huge wealth. A billion-dor fortune, even if divided among their eight siblings, or even if they added eight more children, would still not run out.

    Emeric, as the helmsman of the family business, was gracious and charming, very much a man of honor. In his youth, he was nearly a**a**inated several times but always narrowly escaped, and in his middle age, he created many miracles in the business world.

    Such a man could be said to be almost perfect; his only w was that he was too romantic.

    No one was perfect; really, no one was perfect

    Evadne, like Elvis when she was a child, cried, made a fuss, hated, and resented, but now she had almost let it all go.

    Because she knew these were unchangeable, inseparable, and unputdownable.

    Evadne did not expect Elvis to forgive Emeric, nor would she make excuses for her father. She just hoped that Elvis could let go of all this, stop being sad, and gradually emerge from the shadow of his original family.

    When the meal was almost over, Elvis burped contentedly.

    “Honestly, that woman’s cooking skills are really good; I ate three big tes tonight, my exercise volume will have to increase tomorrow.”

    “Elvis, don’t always talk like this; Myra is also helpless.” Evadne spoke with aplex look in her eyes.

    “No matter how helpless she was before, after being with Emeric, she became arrogant, bing Emeric’s wife. How nice.” Elvis squinted his eyes, his tone cold. “Evadne, shouldn’t our mother be the most pitiful? When this big family is happy, when Emeric sleeps with this wife today and that wife tomorrow, does he remember his wife in his heart?”

    Evadne’s heart trembled; her eyes dimmed. “Of course I know that mom is pitiful; I think about her every day. But Elvis, mom is no longer here, and we as children have to grow up slowly and ept reality. We are the children of the Ashbourne family, and everything about the Ashbourne family still needs us to guard it. The living can only look forward.”

    “You can but I can’t. I’m a person who lives in memories and can never get out. You are still my closest people, but this ce is no longer what I consider home.”

    The two siblings fell into silence.

    “Alright, alright, don’t be sad. Whatever you do, I respect your choice.”

    Elvis saw Evadne’s eyes were red, hurriedly embraced her in his arms, and said gently. “Let’s not talk about this; let me tell you something fun; Thaddeus is here.”

    “What?!”

    13.40G 7

    Evadne’s heart rate elerated, and she shouted in surprise!

    Everyone was also shocked.

    Emeric frowned. “What are you doing? You scared me.”

    “I didn’t mean to scare you; I was telling Evadne a story: I didn’t expect her to be so easily scared.” Elvis said with augh.

    “Cut the cr ap! This is scarier than a horror story!” Evadne panted.

    “If you don’t believe me, you can go check it out. He might still be waiting out there. But don’t worry; the guy probably doesn’t know your real identity. I bet he followed your car with Cas sius.”

    No sooner had the words left his mouth than Evadne’s phone on the table began to vibrate.

    She took a deep breath and slowly fl*pped the phone over.

    The familiar number shed before her eyes, causing Evadne to halt her breathing and abruptly end the call.

    But a secondter, Thaddeus called again.

    Seeing that this man wouldn’t give up easily tonight, Evadne had to get up and answer the call in a corner.

    “Hello.” She said it in a hushed voice.

    “Are your wounds better?” Thaddeus’s deep voice echoed in her ears, carried by the night breeze of Skyrirh.

    Evadne’s heart fluttered, and she softly replied, “Mhm.”

    “I’m at Cas sius’s door. Come out and see me.”

    The man’s voice was as cold as ever, with amanding tone.

    Evadne felt irritated. All the man’s tenderness was for Acacia, but he was always cold towards her. She didn’t owe him anything. They were divorced now, and he had no right to be so rude to her.

    “I’m attending a family dinner with President Ashbourne tonight. The whole Ashbourne family is here; I can’t step out.” Evadne retorted coldly.

    At this point, Thaddeus, standing in the cold wind, swayed slightly, as if deafening thunder had struck near him.

    The Ashbourne family: a family dinner?

    Then he clearly heard theughter and chatter of the Ashbourne family from the other end of the phone.

    “Why are you standing there? Desserts are served;e and have some.”

    It was a woman’s gentle voice.

    “Got it; I’ll be right there.”

    Thaddeus heard her rxed response. His mind was filled with chaotic thoughts.

    The warmth na was feeling at the moment was something he had never experienced in his life.

    He hadn’t received it himself; how could he give it to her?

    “Mr. Thaddeus, it’s not convenient for me to talk here. I can’t meet you tonight either. Let’s talk when I get back to Elmsworth. That’s it.”

    “na!” Thaddeus’s voice was filled with anxiety.

    Evadne took a deep breath. His call made her grip the phone tighter, as if his hand had tightly gripped her wrist.

    “Come out and see me, or I’lle in to find you; your choice!”

    Thaddeus took a deep breath. His limbs were cold, but his head was hot.

    At this moment, he was desperate to take her home, regardless of everything.

###Chapter 77

    “Thaddeus, when the hell are you going to stop treating me like this?” Evadne angrily said, “You’re being so freaking annoying; it’s like you’ve got no manners at all, you get that? I didn’t dodge the responsibility for you getting beaten up. I sent Jason to talk to you. Now what’s your problem?”

    “You wanted to settle this privately, right? I’m giving you that chance.” Thaddeus tried to keep his breath steady, his voice slightly shaky. “Come out to meet me, and we can put the whole thing behind us. Call it quits.”

    “You!” Evadne gasped in anger.

    Was this really Thaddeus? So stubborn and headstrong, was he out of his mind?

    “Fine, I’ll meet you. But stick to your word, let’s settle this privately!”

    Having said that, she hung up the phone in rage.

    Just as Evadne left, the butler called Suri over and said, “Suri, there have been two cars with the license te a7777 parked outside for quite a while now. There are also two men in suits standing beside the cars, looking at our house constantly. Do they pose a threat? Should I activate the security rm?”

    Suri frowned, thinking about her response: “Don’t do anything for now, and don’t tell the master either. I’ll handle it.”

    “Yes. Suri.” The butler nodded and left.

    Suri quickly called Myra and Aviana for an emergency meeting in the hallway.

    “We’ve got a situation here tonight.”

    “A situation?” Myra blinked her clear eyes, looking somewhat puzzled.

    “Spill it Suri. Don’t keep us hanging.” Aviana was impatient.

    “That annoying dude Thaddeus is here, right outside our house, probably here to cause trouble for Evadne.” Suri lowered her voice and her eyes were cold.

    “What? That heartless bas t ard has the audacity to show up? I’m going to teach him a lesson!”

    Aviana rolled up her sleeves and was about to leave when Myra used all her strength to hold her back.” Aviana, chill! We can’t alert Emeric and risk exposing the secret!

    “I can’t just stand by while Thaddeus shows up at our doorstep!”

    Aviana’s eyes reddened with anger. “Evadne has suffered so much because of him. Now he’s forcing her into a divorce, stripping her of her dignity at such a young age! How can our family tolerate his behavior? You guys might tolerate it, but I won’t!”

    “We won’t either! But Evadne has repeatedly told us not to get involved. If you beat him up now, you might feel better, but it’ll only cause more trouble for Evadne and make her more upset! What Evadne wants is not this endless drama and she wants to cut all ties with the Abernathy family and have nothing to do with Thaddeus anymore.” Suri held onto Aviana, urgently saying.

    “I think Thaddeus might not be ready to give up on Evadne.” Myra slightly furrowed her brows, saying worriedly, “I’ve heard about Thaddeus’ personality. He’s a cold and ruthless man who has never had a girlfriend other than Ms. Acacia. He’s as stubborn as a rock.

    It’s not like he has to drive all the way from Elmsworth to Skyrim to see Evadne. So I’m wondering could he regret divorcing Evadne?”

    “That Thaddeus! He’s nothing but a viin!”

    Aviana clenched her fists and said, “He’s too cold-hearted to feel regret. Even if he did, it’s toote! Seeing him makes my skin crawl!”

    “I noticed Evadne sneaking off earlier so she must be meeting Thaddeus.”

    Suri, the most thoughtful and deep of the three women, smiled and said, “You stay home and keep an eye on Emeric and cover for Evadne. You wanted to vent your anger at Evadne, right? I’ll make sure you’ll have an easy win tonight!”

    It was the start of autumn, and the temperature had dropped recently, so the night wind in Skyrim was rather chilly.

    Gordon shivered in the cold, watching his boss stand in the cold wind like a statue, determined and alone. He decided not to turn back until he saw Evadne, so Gordon had no choice but to stick with him.

    Thaddeus had been waiting for a long time, but he could handle it. He used to stand at attention for a whole day in the army, so a few hours were nothing.

    It was just that his heart was hanging in the bnce.

    He was afraid that Evadne would change her mind at thest minute and refuse to see him. What would he do then? Knock on the Ashbourne family’s door?

    What reason would he have to knock on their door?

    Thaddeus’ heart was racing, and he felt suffocated. He took out thest cigarette from his pack.

    Just as he lit up the cigarette and was about to take a puff, the sound of a woman’s footsteps approached him.

    “Thaddeus.”

    Thaddeus’ heart pounded as he looked at his expressionless, icy ex-wife. His hands shook, causing ashes to fall from his cigarette.

    Evadne nced down at Thaddeus’ feet.

    Seeing cigarette butts littered on the ground, she couldn’t help but frown. “Didn’t you quit smoking? What’s going on?”

    “Because I’ve been waiting for you for too long.”

    Thaddeus quickly put out the cigarette, staring at her.

    “Hmm, ming me again? Go ahead, you’re always good at finding excuses.” Evadne gave a sarcasticugh.

    “na.” Thaddeus’ voice was h oa rse from smoking too much.

    “I came to see you, so you got what you wanted. As you said, stop bothering Elvis.

    I have things to do and I need to go back right away. Please pick up your cigarette butts when you leave; don’t d*rty this civilized city of Skyrim. Goodbye.” Evadne’s beautiful face was as cold as ice. She mechanically finished her words, then turned around and left.

    Gordon was shocked by the cold and powerful woman.

    12:50

    Man, thedy he remembered was such a gentle and beautiful woman. Every time she saw Mr. Thaddeus, she would light up like a warm sun, always full of smiles and overflowing with warmth and pa**ion.

    But now, that glow that once belonged to Mr. Thaddeus seemed to have faded away.

    What on earth did Mr. Thaddeus do wrong to turn such a great woman into such a cold-hearted person?

    “na, hold up.”

    Thaddeus was gasping for breath, urgently calling out to her. “I didn’t say you could leave. How can you just walk away?”

    “Hrious. I’m not your possession. Why should I listen to you?”

    Evadne narrowed her eyes, her voice icy cold. “You were so eager to get divorced back then, so desperate to get rid of me. Now I’m leaving on my own terms, and what? What more do you want? What’s it going to take to satisfy you?”

    Divorce? What an ugly word!

    Thaddeus suddenly stopped breathing, his heart trembling violently.

    In an instant, the guilt of humiliation transformed into physical pain. He felt extremely agitated, his eyes reddening. “I told you before we got married that it was a marriage of convenience and I couldn’t offer you a future. I offered youpensation during the divorce, but you refused, choosing to leave with nothing! na, I’ve never disgraced you, nor have I ever been unfair to you. Don’t make me out to be the viin, and don’t pretend you made such a huge sacrifice for me. We might not be able to part ways peacefully. but you have no right to keep tram pling on my dignity! You sure as hell don’t owe me anything, but I don’t owe you anything either! You have no right to treat me this way!”

###Chapter 78

    Gordon watched as the two were about to kick off again, stomping his foot in frustration. He really wanted to step in and stop the boss’s rude remarks.

    Evadne chuckled, her eyes like fog-enshrouded pearls, shattered but still dazzlingly brilliant. “Thaddeus, I admit, I was too arrogant, pursuing you relentlessly, being nice to you time and time again, thinking I could make you fall in love with me. In the end, all I got was self-gratification. But there’s one thing you got wrong. Even if you pushed me away. I never held any grudges against you. I wanted to break up with you in peace, but you kept troubling me, destroying thest bit of dignity between us. So, I had no choice but to get rid of you, who kept disturbing my new life. Thaddeus, you were forced to marry me, and now I’m also forced to treat you this way. The only way we can both be happy is it we be strangers.”

    Thaddeus felt like he’d been hit in the chest with a sledgehammer, his heartbeat seemingly stopping.

    “Mr. Gordon, it’ste. Please take Mr. Thaddeus home.”

    Evadne suppressed her pain and quickly turned away again.

    Those who couldn’t see her love and sacrifice weren’t worth her heartbreak.

    Suddenly, Evadne felt a pain in her wrist. She whipped around to see Thaddeus’s red eyes.

    “Thaddeus, let go of me.” She struggled.

    As Thaddeus opened his mouth to speak, a cold voice interrupted him.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you’re a man of stature, yet here you are, grabbing our future daughter-inw at our doorstep. Isn’t that a bit disgraceful?”

    Evadne saw Suri and Aviana rushing over, frantically shrugged Thaddeus off, and backed away.

    “Future daughter-inw?” Thaddeus was stunned and his eyes were dull.

    “Cas sius brought na home for our family dinner tonight. I think you understand what that means.”

    As she spoke, Suri affectionately put her arm around Evadne’s shoulder. “na is beautiful and well-mannered, and she gets along well with Cas sius. Our whole family. including Chairman Emeric, is very pleased with her. We even want to arrange a time to meet na’s parents and set a wedding date soon.”

    Evadne was stunned. She knew Suri and Aviana were here to support her, but boy, were theyying it on thick!

    Thaddeus felt a hollow in his chest, the cold wind whistling through.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, I think you announced your engagement in the media.”

    Aviana fixed Thaddeus with a piercing gaze, smiling as she said, “You’re about to get married. Wouldn’t it be better to spend this time with your fiancée rather than bothering na here? What’s going on? A girl’s reputation is important. If you don’t care, we won’t stop you, but please don’t drag na into this. She’s now a member of our Ashbourne family. If you continue to act carelessly, we won’t be so polite!”

    Evadne knew Aviana was a woman of few words. Seeing her stillmunicating with Thaddeus rather than punching him, she guessed Suri and Myra had talked her down.

    Gordon held his head, thinking, ‘Mr. Thaddeus, what on earth are you doing here? Isn’t this asking for trouble?”

    Thaddeus’s hand, which had just touched Evadne, slowly clenched into a fist, shaking slightly.

    He tried to grip his fist as if trying to hold onto something, but it was as if he couldn’t hold onto anything. He wasn’t even sure what he was having trouble letting go of, considering it was he who decided to end their marriage.

    “Ladies, it’s cold tonight, and you’re not dressed warmly. Let’s go home.”

    Evadne, caught up in the moment, blurted out ‘Let’s go home’. That strong sense of belonging was like an invisible and cold wall,pletely isting Thaddeus.

    “na, is what they’re saying true?” Thaddeus’s voice was h oa rse and low.

    Evadne took a deep breath and firmly said, “Yes.”

    “Okay.” Thaddeus’s face went pale, and he repeated ‘okay’ several times before slowly pulling out the ck velvet jewelry box from his pocket and handing it to her.

    “Consider this my wedding gift to you.”

    Evadne looked at him in shock, not taking it. She never expected him to still have it.

    “Perhaps na feels embarra**ed to ept it. I’ll do the embarra**ing things for her.”

    Before Evadne could react, Aviana sna tched the box away.

    Opening the box, they saw a dazzlingly beautiful purple gemstone bracelet.

    Evadne knew it was a valuable gift, not something she could just buy. If it had been before, she would have been overjoyed to receive a gift from Thaddeus, maybe screaming

    on the spot.

    But now, all her joy was buried by the cold reality.

    Late love was like cheap gra**, andte gifts were worthless.

    “Ah, although I don’t know much about jewelry, this purple gemstone looks very clear and should be very expensive. Mr. Thaddeus, you really put a lot of thought into this.”

    Suddenly, Aviana’s eyes turned fierce, and her arm jerked up. With a crisp sound, the gemstone shattered into countless pieces between Evaddeus and Thaddeus!

    The man watched his heart’s devotion get destroyed, his eyes narrowing and his face turning pale.

    Evadne was so shocked that she pulled her fingers back, not daring to look at Thaddeus’s face.

    “Madam! What do you mean? This is Mr. Thaddeus’s heartfelt gift! Even if you don’t ept it, you shouldn’t destroy it like this!” Gordon was so angry that his face turned red, and he took a step forward to question her.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, why didn’t you give this to na before you guys split up? Now that you’ve divorced ande all the way here, is it because you’re bored, or are you just green-eyed seeing na with a new guy and wanting to humiliate her? Are you deliberately trying to make her life miserable?”

    Aviana’s sharp stilettos crunched over the broken gemstones. “Consider this gift epted. If you’ve got any sense, head back to Elmsworth. You’re not wee in our Skyrim!”

    12:50

    Each word and sentence hit like an arrow to the heart!

    Thaddeus’s throat bobbed difficultly, casting a broken nce at Evadne for thest time.

    Evadne’s heart pounded unsteadily. She avoided his gaze, stepping forward to pull Aviana.

    “Let’s go home.”

    “Madam.” Gordon was extremely disappointed to see that she didn’t even bother to defend Mr. Thaddeus.

    Even he was this disappointed, imagine Thaddeus!

    “Let’s go home; let’s not let irrelevant people and things ruin our mood for the party.” Aviana, arm in arm with Evadne, left intimately.

    Suri nced at the pale Thaddeus and scoffed, “He asked for it.”

    Back home, Evadne shed all the cold-hearted and heartless pretense, feeling drained as if she’d been hollowed out.

    She thought of the broken gemstone bracelet and Thaddeus’s shattered look, and she felt a bitter ache in her heart.

    She knew Suri and Aviana were trying to avenge her, but it was a bit too much.

    This method actually made her feel like she was the one who hurt him.

    “Evadne!”

    Just then, Arnold rushed in front of her, panting. “Elvis is arguing with dad again! Dad hit him!”

    2.

###Chapter 79

    12:50

    In the backyard, Elvis was briskly heading towards his Lamborghini, his eyes icy cold.

    “Elvis!” Evadne quickly caught up with him, tightly gripping his hand. “Where on earth are you going?!”

    “I’m heading somewhere far away from here, hopefully never to return.” Elvis spun around, a cold smirk on his face that was marred by a fresh p mark.

    “Elvis, you once said that what you value most are your three brothers and me. We are here, and this is your home. How can you just say you won’te back and mean it?” Evadne held onto Elvis’ hand, her heart aching as if it was being torn apart.

    Elvis stared at his sister with deep eyes, softly touching her tender cheek. “You guys will always be in my heart. Evadne, I’ve fulfilled my promise to you. You’re not mad at me anymore, right?”

    Evadne slowly nodded, suddenly feeling tears welling up in her eyes.

    “If you truly want to respect Emeric, the best way is to let me disappear from his sight. I’ve got work to do, I have to go. I’lle back to see you next time.”

    “Elvis.” Suri rushed over, holding a bag in her hand.

    Elvis was taken aback, then softly called out, “Suri.”

    Suri’s eyes were rimmed with red, and it took all her courage to pa** over what she was holding.

    “Elvis, in this bag…are some of the new medicines developed by our Bright group. They’re all potent and might help you. There are also some snacks, made by Myrie. She’s worried that you might get hungry on your long journey, and you can have these to fill your stomach.”

    After speaking, Suri gave an awkward smile. “These are just small things, I hope you won’t find this annoying.”

    Elvis’ eyshes quivered slightly, his voice sounded gentle. “Thank you. I have everything I need where I’m going. Don’t worry about me. I have to go.”

    With that, he gave Evadne a tight hug, then turned around and left. The Lamborghini sped away into the dark night. Evadne and Suri stood dumbstruck in the yard, both letting out a sigh.

    “Let him go. Suri.” Evadnefortingly patted her shoulder. “Elvis has done well. He needs some time to adapt to this way ofmunication.”

    “I know, he’s protecting me.” A hint of pain shed in Suri’s eyes. “Evadne, he doesn’t need to consider my feelings. I’m fine, really.”

    Evadne fell silent.

    Two years ago, a ne crash descended like a nightmare onto the entire Ashbourne family.

    Suri’s eldest son, Evadne’s half-brother, and the chief pilot of an airline, Hubery, tried to save the lives of 150 pa**engers on flight H676. He made the final decision to guide the aircraft towards the sea when it suffered a major malfunction.

    Hubery was submerged under the sea; the day he died was his 27th birthday.

    Regarding matters of the heart, everyone had their opinion, but it was undeniable that Hubery was an admirable young man.

    The Maybach returned to Elmsworth.

    Gordon drove with fear, constantly checking Thaddeus’ expression through the rearview mirror. Thaddeus’ face was as rigid and cold as ice, and his l*ps were pale, as if all his blood had been drained.

    “Mr. Frederic, are you alright? You look really uneasy…”

    “Just drive.” Thaddeus’ eyes were red and swollen. He took a deep breath.

    He arrived infuriated, thinking he had a solid reason, thinking this time he could definitely make na submit. But what awaited him was an even more painful humiliation. The thing that was broken was not just the gem bracelet, but also the dignity he had carefully protected for over twenty years!

    “Mr. Frederic, I’ll just say it…” Gordon was angry, but couldn’t help but say, “If you want Mrs. Abernathy to return to your side, you can tell the Ashbourne family directly that you two haven’t officially divorced. She’s still the wife of our Abernathy group’s CEO. I really can’t stand the attitude of those two women. They are not even na’s biological mothers, what right do they have to boss you around?”

    “So, in your opinion, I can only force na to be with me through underhanded means?” Thaddeus retorted coldly.

    “No… Mr. Frederic, that’s not what I meant!”

    Gordon nervously wiped his sweat. “I just…I just want to say, since you still care about Mrs. Abernathy, why not be straight with her? Wouldn’t it be better to make her understand your feelings?”

    “Feelings? Hah…” The man sneered, gritting his teeth. “I’ve made up my mind. I’ll never remarry na!”

    “But tonight…”

    “Drive!”

    Thaddeus’ voice was h oa rse as he yelled. Gordon was scared out of his wits, not daring to say more.

    Thaddeus slumped in the back seat, suddenly feeling a sharp pain in his palm. Only then did he remember that he had been tightly clutching the fragments of the gem bracelet. At this moment, the fragments had cut his skin, and bright red blood was slowly seeping out, a shocking sight.

    Thaddeus didn’t know what was wrong with him, but tonight, he desperately wanted to take na away, to separate her from Cas sius. He just wanted them apart.

    After sending Elvis off, Evadne went tofort her father with Cas sius and Arnold, then finally dragged her tired b*dy out of the study. She stood alone in the hallway for a moment, then took out her phone and sent a message to Suri, Myra, and Aviana.

    (Pleasee to the back garden. I have something to say.]

    Fifteen minutester, the threedies arrived punctually.

    The three women, who usually couldn’t shut up when they were together, were nowpletely quiet in front of Evadne.

    “Nothing to say?”

    Evadne was sitting on a garden bench, arms folded across her chest, looking all serious like a headmistress ready to scold a naughty student.

    Suri was silent.

    12:50

    Myra was silent.

    Aviana quickly blurted out, “Evadne, weren’t you the one who had something to say? Why are you asking us now?”

    Evadne helplessly rubbed her forehead. Aviana’s thought process was even more straightforward than a man’s!

    “Have you got nothing to tell me about how you guys lectured Thaddeus tonight?”

    “Humph, I guess there’s even less to say about that.” Aviana sat opposite Evadne, looking as cool as a cucumber, like a bossdy.

    “That’s why these two had stopped me. If nob*dy had stopped me, by our rules, I should’ve had Rudi severely punish the dude a long time ago,” Aviana said angrily.

    “Who’s Rudi?” asks Evadne.

    Suri piped up. “That’s Aviana’s pet alligator. It was a birthday gift from Emericst year.”

    Evadne was speechless.

    Seeing her unhappy face, Myra quickly stepped in to calm Aviana, “Alright, Aviana, stop talking now…”

    “Every word I sayes from the bottom of my heart. We should always be honest with family!” Aviana’s eyes welled up with tears, and she said angrily. “Thaddeus is so heartless! He’s even worse than Rudi! You’re his wife, and you’ve given up so much for him, even your privileged life, to take care of him. But for his own sake, he forces you to divorce and immediately marries another woman! He treats you so cruelly, I wish Go d would punish him!”

    “He doesn’t love me, he’s made that very clear. Now, he’s marrying the woman he loves, and it is meant to be. I can only ept my defeat and bow out gracefully. You guys don’t need toplicate things between him and me because of this. It would only add to the trouble.” Evadne rubbed her temples, looking pale. “If I keep clinging onto him, the pain will torment me constantly. So, it’s best to be distant…”

    “What are you talking about!” Aviana roared, standing up abruptly and grabbing Evadne’s shoulders. “How could you be distant? You’re the woman who once carried his child!”

    Evadne’s face turned pale immediately. Aviana’s words were like a sharp knife, cutting open her heart. The pain started to spread, and it was unbearable.

    “Aviana, have you lost your mind? We agreed not to mention this!” Suri yelled out in shock, quickly pulling her away.

    “Aviana… can we not bring this up again? Let’s not talk about Evadne’s heartbreaking past…” Myra also chimed in.

    ‘He doesn’t know.” Evadne slowly lifted her head, holding back her tears. “I’ve never told Thaddeus that I was once carrying his child.”

###Chapter 80

    This was the deepest, most painful secret Evadne had ever kept.

    Two years ago, she lost her child. For a long time, she couldn’t bear to see baby stores, hear people talk about kids, or even watch a baby on television without her heart aching unbearably.

    She would always remember that Christmas night two years ago. It was snowing, and she was driving alone to the seaside with her grandpa to enjoy the snowy scenery. But they had an ident on the way. In order to get her grandpa medical help as quickly as possible, she endured her pain, got her grandpa back in the car, and drove straight to

    the hospital.

    At that time, the Abernathy family was vacationing abroad, and Thaddeus was also overseas celebrating Christmas with Acacia.

    Evadne bore the intense pain in her abdomen until Mr. Murray arrived. Finally, her strength gave out, and she fell to the ground as if she had fainted.

    “Mrs. Abernathy! You’re… you’re bleeding!”

    In her blurry consciousness, she saw blood constantly flowing from her lower b*dy. The warm, metallic-smelling blood became a shadow in her memory that she could never erase. It was only then that she realized she was pregnant, and the baby was already two months old.

    But she didn’t even have a chance to experience a day of joy as a mother before she lost the child forever. This was her and Thaddeus’ child.

    “Mrs. Abernathy! I’ll call Mr. Thaddeus right away!”

    In the chaos, Mr. Murray pulled out his phone but was stopped by Evadne’s cold hand.

    “Don’t… I beg you…” Her heart ached, and she was terrified. Her tears flowed as she pleaded, “Thaddeus… he doesn’t know about this… it would break his heart… he would be angry at me… I beg you… Can you keep this secret for me?”

    Evadne closed her eyes tightly, subconsciously covering her stomach. Her sadness made her choke up.

    Fast forward to the present, she saw the panic and heartache of Aviana, Myra, and Suri as the four women held each other tightly.

    “It’s all my fault! It’s all my fault! Evadne… I won’t mention it again… I won’t ever bring it up again! Don’t be sad… please…” Aviana spoke firmly, but her attempts to seemforting felt clumsy.

    “The child should actually feel lucky.” Evadne forced a smile. “If the child were born, it would have to witness the discord between its parents and lose its father’s love. Rather than that, it’s better… It was better not toe into the world and suffer.”

    That night, Evadne barely slept. As soon as she closed her eyes, she would see the blood all over the ground and the unformed embryo. She curled up in pain under the covers, but she couldn’t resist the cold feeling.

    During the time after she lost her child, her crying was uncontroble. On the battlefield, she was not afraid of bullets and gunfire, but because she lost the life of that little baby. it felt like her heart was being torn apart, like her entire soul was copsing.

    “My child, I’m sorry. I’ve lost you forever. I don’t know if I’ll have the chance in this lifetime to have you again.” She muttered to herself in the middle of the night.

    In the morning, after a sleepless night, Evadne got up early. When she came downstairs, she was back to being the radiant and noble youngdy.

    “Evadne, I’ve prepared breakfast. It’s all your old favorites. Why don’t you eat before you go?” Myra, wearing an apron, came up to her and looked at her carefully. She could still see the bloodshot eyes and couldn’t help feeling a pinch in her heart.

    “Myra, can you pack it for me? I’ll eat on the way.” Evadne lifted her delicate l*ps, hiding her sadness. “I have a high-level meeting at the hotel this morning, I must attend on time.”

    “Okay, I’ll pack it for you. I’ll pack Mr. Jason’s te as well.” Myra smiled gently, like a loving mother.

    “Thank you, Myra.” Jason had just walked in when he heard this, and he thanked her.

    Evadne left the vi with Jason. At this time, Emeric was still asleep. She didn’t want to disturb him and nned to quietly return to Elmsworth.

    “Evadne, you’re managing such a big hotel in Elmsworth by yourself. If you run into any problems, you must let us know. If the Abernathy family bullies you, don’t swallow your anger. You must tell us.”

    Suri remembered thest time at the auction when Evadne was surrounded by Elspeth and her gang. She gritted her teeth in anger. “Next time, I’ll make them pay the price, and make them unable to live in peace for the rest of their lives!”

    “Suri, that’s exactly what you should do! Let’s see what the Abernathy family can do!” Aviana cracked her knuckles. “Dare to bully Evadne? They’re asking for it!”

    Evadne couldn’t help butugh.

    Suri came from a family of doctors. Severalrge hospitals in Elmsworth and Skyrim were owned by the Bright group. Suri was also proficient in pharmaceuticals and medical skills, so it would be very easy for her to hurt someone.

    “Actually, I do have a favor to ask of you two.”

    Suri and Aviana said, “Sure, go ahead!”

    “Actually, it’s…” Evadne cleared her throat. “I want the Dante Chair that Emeric had Suri bid on at thest auction.”

    Suri and Aviana were shocked. “You’re really something!”

    If someone asked Emeric for his house, money, or luxury cars, he would probably give them away without a second thought. But if someone asked for his art collection, he wouldn’t even part with a single painting, let alone a Renaissance piece worth ten million!

    “Emeric might not want to give it to you. What do you want it for? I’ll try to find an excuse to persuade him,” Suri asked, troubled.

    “If I tell you the reason, he’ll be even less likely to give it to me.”

    “Evadne, don’t worry, I’ll help you!” Aviana confidently patted her chest. “If Emeric doesn’t give it to you. I’ll steal it for you!”

    Evadneughed.

    After returning to Elmsworth from Skyrim, Thaddeus quickly rested for a night at home, then rushed to work the next day, tired.

    During this time, Acacia called twice. He picked up, but his mind was elsewhere. The main things Acacia was chattering about were some preparations for the wedding, like custom wedding gowns, limited edition jewelry, a princess-themed wedding venue, and so many other things. After all, next weekend was Hamilton’s eightieth birthday, and her wedding with Thaddeus was finally officially starting to be nned.

    12:50

    “Thaddeus, what do you think of my ideas? These are all things that I and the team have been brainstorming for over a month!” Acacia sweetly showed off her efforts to the man, hoping to show off her smarts andpetence.

    “As long as you like it, it’s good.” Thaddeus replied absent-mindedly, looking down at a broken gem bracelet in the jewelry box in front of him. His mind was filled with na and the Ashbourne family’s coldness and rejection towards him.

    He let out a deep sigh and forcefully closed the jewelry box.

    “Thaddeus, I’ve already picked out your suit, and you need to find the time to meet the designer with me today. I can handle everything else, but for your measurements, you have to be there…” Acacia said in a hurt tone. “The internationally renowned designer came to Elmsworth for us, and if we miss him now, we’ll have to wait quite a while.”

    Thaddeus was a bit dazed, and his tone was slightly apologetic. “I’m sorry, I’ve been too busy recently. I didn’t have the time to prepare for the wedding.”

    Acacia smiled gently. “It’s okay, I’m willing to take care of these things for you.”

    “I’ll pick you up in the afternoon.”

    “Alright, I’ll wait for you, Thaddeus.”

    Just as Thaddeus hung up the call, Gordon hurried over with a file and ced it in front of him. “Mr. Thaddeus, we’ve contacted the agent of international superstar Ada Ang. This is the n for Ada Ang’svish wedding. Please take a look.”

    Thaddeus fl*pped through the file with a serious expression. Because of Glynnis’ negative news, the reputation of the Abernathy Hotel took a major hit. At the same time, the poprity of the K Orld Hotel kept climbing, and it became one of the hottest topics on the inte.

    Although Thaddeus didn’t n to help Glynnis restore her image, as the president, he had to consider the interests of the Abernathy group. Therefore, he wanted to strive for the opportunity to cooperate with Ada Ang as much as possible. If Ada’s wedding could be held at the Abernathy Hotel, it would be a grand event that would be the talk of the town. If the Abernathy group could do well, it would definitely attract new attention and increase its influence.

    “I need to take this n back to study it in detail, and then discuss it with the hotel’s senior management. This project is very important to us,” Thaddeus said calmly, closing the file.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, I have something to report to you. You’d better brace yourself,” Gordon said hesitantly.

    “Just spit it out.”

    “This time, the onepeting with our Abernathy group to host Ada’s wedding is…the general manager of K Orld Hotel…Evadne.”

    Upon hearing this name, Thaddeus became serious and furrowed his brows.

    Why was it that scheming woman again!

###Chapter 81

    “Are you sure about what you heard?” Thaddeus asked seriously.

    “Well… Mr. Thaddeus, we didn’t really need to pry into this, I contacted Ada’s agent yesterday, and she told me that President Ashbourne from K Orld Hotel had already reached out to them before us, clearly stating that they n topete with us publicly…”

    Gordon’s voice trailed off as Thaddeus’ expression grew more severe.

    “What else did she say?”

    *The agent also mentioned… Although our Abernathy Hotel has always had a good reputation domestically, K Orld Hotel has also been doing pretty well recently, so… She suggested that we should both show our strengths topete for Ada’s cooperation. Whoever has the better proposal and offers more favorable terms, Ada will consider partnering with.”

    Thaddeus mmed his hand on the table in anger. na had already given him enough headaches, and now she waspeting with him for the project. Were these two women sent from heaven to give him trouble?

    “Tomorrow morning, gather all the senior management of the hotel for a meeting. We must develop the highest-level wedding n proposal as soon as possible. We must convince Ada to choose us!” The man’s eyes were firm. “If we fail to secure this project and let Evadne seed, everyone involved will have to pay the price!” Gordon nodded in fear. It seemed that he was really determined to get back at the person who once made him so angry that he climbed to the tenth floor!

    In the afternoon, his Maybach parked in front of a six-story European-style mansion in Elmsworth.

    “Didn’t you say we were going to meet the designer?” Thaddeus looked at the rose garden in confusion.

    “The designer is here. This mansion is the studio of the internationally renowned designer Camille.” Acacia’s eyes gleamed with excitement. “Although her brand, Rozabe, has stores in many shopping centers around the world, those ready-to-wear clothes are not suitable for us. Only the haute couture designed by Ms. Camille herself is worthy of our wedding!”

    She had curled her hair specially for the day and dyed it. She was wearing a morous and slightly se xy red backless dress, and her red l*ps were extraordinarily bright. Seeing her bright red l*ps, Thaddeus thought of na’s face! It was as if red l*ps were a symbol of her, and they looked out of ce on anyone else’s face.

    “No matter how high-end it is, it’s just a piece of clothing.” Thaddeus said dismissively, showing little interest. “I don’t need it. You can have it made for yourself.” “No way! As a wife, I should design clothes for my husband. From now on, you can only wear clothes that I choose for you. You can’t ept gifts from other women anymore!” Acacia cooed, leaning on his shoulder.

    Thaddeus’ brows furrowed slightly, his heart tightening. He thought of the suit na had tailored for him. Even though it was damaged, he had kept it carefully. And what about na? How did she treat the gift he gave her? She just watched as others ruined his gift. His good intentions were thrown on the ground as if they were trash. Thaddeus frowned and murmured, “Okay, I won’t do that anymore.”

    As they were about to enter the gate, they were stopped by the guard. “I’m sorry, but Ms. Camille is hosting a private party today. I’m afraid you can’t enter without an invitation.”

    “Hmph, of course, we have one.” Acacia pulled out two invitations with rose motifs, looking smug.

    “Pleasee in.”

    In the hall, guests were holding wine **es, chatting, andughing, creating a lively atmosphere.

    Thaddeus hadn’t expected Acacia to bring him to such an event, especially without his knowledge. No wonder she had taken such pains to dress up today. He felt a little ufortable. Besides necessary social activities, he never attended any private parties. Judging by Acacia’s behavior, He felt like he was being disyed like amodity.

    Sure enough, Thaddeus’ appearance immediately attracted everyone’s attention.

    “Isn’t that Mr. Thaddeus?”

    “Really! He’s even more handsome in person than on TV!”

    “Who’s the woman next to him? She’s so lucky to be Mr. Thaddeus’panion!”

    “That’s not just apanion, that’s his fiancée, Acacia. Mr. Thaddeus married her immediately after his divorce from his ex-wife. She’s really skilled.”

    “Oh?”

    Listening to these rumors, Acacia was actually quite satisfied. In her eyes, all the women were jealous that she could have such an outstanding man.

    She had gone to great lengths to get these two invitations from Elspeth. She had felt a bit upset, but now she had finally found a way to vent.

    “Why didn’t you tell me in advance? You know I don’t like these kinds of events.” Thaddeus’ eyes were cold.

    “Thaddeus. I don’t have enough influence, I’m afraid I can’t invite Ms. Camille to design clothes for me, so I asked you toe. I believe that as long as you show up, Camille will definitely agree…”

    Seeing Thaddeus’ serious expression, Acacia hurriedly exined, “I’m sorry. Did I cause you trouble?”

    “In the future, you can tell me about these things directly. I will send someone to handle it. You don’t need toe in person.” Thaddeus’ tone was slightly softer.

    “I understand, Thaddeus…”

    At this moment, he heard familiar footsteps behind him. The sound was crisp, efficient, elegant, and steady. Thaddeus’ pupils contracted, and he turned around.

    The afternoon sun shone on the roses, emitting a rich fragrance. In this scene, Evadne walked in gracefully, dressed in a blue dress with a matching zer over her shoulders.

    Today, her hair was tied up high, revealing her delicate n*eck. Without heavy makeup, she still had a strong presence. Some women didn’t need heavy makeup or a crown for

    their power.

    Acacia’s face turned ugly at the sight of na. She thought she’d be the life of the party in her red dress but didn’t see iting when thedy in blue totally stole her thunder. and she was left unnoticed.

    Thaddeus swallowed hard, trying to tear his eyes away from her, but he just couldn’t. But in the blink of an eye, na walked past him as if he was invisible.

    Heat rose in Thaddeus’ chest.

    “Ms. na, I didn’t expect you to score an invite to this ce. It must’ve been tough, huh?” Acacia started, with a smile.

    16:40

    “Sure, it wasn’t easy.” Evadne smiled back. “Every guest at Camille’s party is someone with a deep rtionship with Camille herself or her brand. Either they’re rising stars or big shots in the design industry, important figures in the fashion world, or Camille’s important clients. So, Miss Acacia, which one are you?”

    “I…” Acacia blushed, as if she’d been pped.

    All eyes turned to her and Thaddeus.

    “Neither you nor Mr. Thaddeus belong here, so it’s quite a feat that you made it.” Evadne smirked.

    Acacia, fuming, stepped up to her. “Everyone here knows who Thaddeus is. Do you think Ms. Camille would turn down the president of the Abernathy group?!”

    “Fair point.” Evadne nodded.

    “Hmph, all talk, no action. Who are you? A VIP? A fashion guru?!”

    “Neither.”

    “What good is your shy getup? You’re a caregiver from the countryside who just got lucky, what right do you have to be here?!”

    Acacia could only attack her background. After all, she was genuinely scared that this woman would whip out a marriage license, and she’d be forced to admit she was the mistress in public!

    “Acacia, enough!” Thaddeus frowned, his tone icy.

    Everyone’s gaze shifted back to Evadne, who remainedposed. Thisdy, with such a remarkable aura, was really a caregiver from the countryside? There wasn’t a hint of rusticity about her; she was all fashion!

    But, if that was true, how did she score an invite?

    “Thad, I want to respect her, but Ms. na clearly has it in for us. Besides, aren’t I just stating facts?” Acacia pouted, feeling rather smug.

    “Ms. Camille is here!” Someone shouted, breaking the awkward silence.

    Down the spiral staircase came a tall, slimdy in a Rozabe early fall couture pink outfit, with her hair styled in thetest trend, and her eyes haughty as she descended.

    Her haughty expression changed instantly when she saw Evadne. She rushed over to Evadne, all smiles, and eximed warmly, “Master! Howe you didn’t let me know you wereing?!”

###Chapter 82

    Everyone was shocked, especially Acacia. Her mouth was agape, and she forgot to maintain her usual nobility! How could this be possible? Did she hear it wrong?!

    na, who was only twenty-four this year, right? Camille was four years older than her and had been in the fashion industry for ten years, often participating in Paris Fashion Week and winning many international awards.

    How could na, a rural caregiver, be Camille’s master? This joke was too big, wasn’t it?!

    Acacia was secretly shocked.

    Camille, holding Evadne intimately around her waist,ined, “Why didn’t you tell me you wereing? I didn’t have time to prepare!”

    “I wasn’t supposed to be here today. It’s just that a gathering was canceled suddenly, so I had time toe and see.”

    “Oh, so you just came by… I mean nothing to you!”

    “How dare you me me? You sure got guts now!”

    The two women chatted warmly like close friends, astonishing everyone present!

    Thaddeus was full of surprise. He remembered the suit she gave him. No wonder it was so well made, even the old tailor couldn’t match it. So, it turns out, she actually had such a high status.

    Initially, Thaddeus thought na was just clever and handy, but now it seemed that he underestimated her.

    The mentor of an internationally renowned designer, this status was very noble. Nationwide, how many people could hold it?

    He was filled with doubts. She had been by his side for three years, and it was more than just hiding her real identity. She was so excellent, so why didn’t she let him see her real side?

    His three-year marriage was just filled with lies!

    “Ms. Camille, I am Mr. Thaddeus’ fiancée, my name is Acacia…” Acacia plucked up the courage to step forward and tried to shake hands with Camille.

    Unexpectedly, Camille didn’t want to have any contact with her at all and pulled Evadne back a step, “I don’t recall having the name Acacia on my guest list.”

    “…”

    “I don’t know where you got the invitation from, but I definitely didn’t invite you. Today is a private gathering. We don’t entertain outside guests. Please leave immediately.” Camille was upromising. After all, artistic people often had strong personalities.

    Acacia turned pale and felt extremely embarra**ed, so she quickly pulled Thaddeus’ sleeve for help.

    “Ms. Camille, we didn’t know it was a private gathering and meant no offense. But my fiancée admires your designs and has always been looking forward to meeting you. So, we hope you can understand the misunderstanding today.” Thaddeus spoke in an even tone, his attitude respectful.

    Evadne’s heart ached, and she clenched her fingers tightly. Thaddeus was usually a proud man, and few people could make him lower his proud head. But now, for Acacia, he actually opened his mouth to apologize, hoping they could stay.

    She sneered contemptuously. In this world, only Acacia could make Thaddeus lower his proud head. Evadne once mistakenly thought that as long as she tried hard, she could get close to him.

    Acacia held onto Thaddeus’ arm tightly, looking innocent, but feeling triumphant inside.

    Camille nced at Thaddeus and smiled, “Mr. Thaddeus, since you said that, it would be rude of me to ask you to leave. So, Mr. Thaddeus, why don’t you stay?”

    Evadne nervously signaled Camille, but Camillepletely ignored her and just stared at Thaddeus.

    Thaddeus was such a jerk! Evadne wanted to remind her.

    “Thank you.”

    Just as Thaddeus let out a sigh of relief, Camille continued, “You can stay, but Ms. Acacia must leave.”

    Acacia was dumbfounded and angrily asked, “Why ask me to leave? I am Mr. Thaddeus’ fiancée!”

    The guests were startled by her loud words, and all turned to look at her.

    Camille shook her head and said, “If you hadn’t said it, I really wouldn’t have noticed.”

    Acacia was dizzy with anger.

    Camille continued, “I asked Mr. Thaddeus to stay because he’s handsome and has good taste in clothes, which fits the atmosphere today.”

    Camille nced at Acacia again, “Ms. Acacia, I really can’t stand the clothes you’re wearing. They don’t match the taste here at all, so please leave.”

    Evadne reluctantly covered her face, and suddenly, she remembered. Camille loved handsome guys.

    Evadne was filled with emotion. She was really thankful to Camille!

    Thaddeus said seriously, “Ms. Camille, although we were rude, we meant no harm. Your words seem a bit excessive.”

    Camille sneered, “Excessive? Mr. Thaddeus, your fiancée, insulted my mentor in front of so many people. I didn’t kick her out. That’s already kind of me.”

    The surroundings fell silent, and the atmosphere was tense.

    Evadne looked at Camille in surprise. It turned out she knew about the conflict she had with Acacia just now. Suddenly, a warm current surged in her heart. Acacia was speechless, sweating profusely, and could only cling to Thaddeus tightly. She spoke so aggressively to Evadne, but now she felt extremely embarra**ed. Thaddeus’ face was stiff as if it was about to cr ack.

    Evadne nervously said, “Camille, let it go.”

    Evadne was worried about affecting the guests’ mood, and seeing that Camille had already taught her enough, she whispered, “We are all guests. Let’s not affect others’ mood. Whatever Ms. Acacia just said, I didn’t take it to heart. Besides, I doe from a humble background, everything Ms. Acacia said is true, so there’s no need for me to pursue it.” Hearing this, the people around felt unjust for Evadne.

    16-10

    “Look at thisdy, she’s as sharp as a politician, with all the airs and graces of nobility!”

    “Yeah, so what if she’s from a humble background? There are plenty of designers from regr backgrounds who have made it big in the industry. Making an issue out of this, how uncouth!”

    “As for Acacia, where’s the grace of being Mr. Thaddeus’ fiancée? Shees off more like a mistress.”

    “Mr. Thaddeus sure knows how to pick ’em… It’s worrisome.”

    Acacia’s teeth were on edge: she felt more and more embarra**ed. She didn’t want to be here anymore, but Thaddeus seemed hell-bent on staying, showing no signs of backing out.

    He was gritting his teeth and clenching his fists in silence.

    Even in the face of humiliation, he was determined to go through with it. He was curious to see what else na could pull out of her hat!

###Chapter 83

    After the guests had cleared out, Camille brought Evadne to her studio. The two of them were as thick as thieves. In their private space, they cracked jokes andughed, creating a joyful atmosphere.

    Camille served Evadne some coffee and even brought out desserts from top local pastry chefs. These were treats that her guests never got a chance to taste.

    “Try this coffee.”

    “This is Colombian coffee. It’s smooth and full-bodied, with a refreshing and nutty vor. It’s excellent.” Evadne sipped the coffee with a smile.

    Evadne’s demeanor was all grace and elegance, a testament to her refined upbringing-something not easily imitated.

    “I’m d you like it.” Camille beamed. Normally aloof, Camille was like a carefree little girl in Evadne’s presence.

    Their acquaintance could be traced back to six years ago. Back then, Camille was a promising fashion designer with endless inspiration. But her early sess made her a target of envy and criticism. Out of desperation, she joined a reality show where she was humiliated by a big-name actress and harshly criticized by the judges.

    Then, the globally renowned fashion genius Haron defended her online, criticizing those who attacked her and exposing their narrow-mindedness.

    Haron’s defense led other wronged designers to speak out against the industry’s unfairness. Their actions brought attention to Camille, the budding talent.

    Haron gave Camille a new hope.

    What happened next was like a movie. Those who attacked her publicly apologized under public pressure. But their apologies fell on deaf ears, and their reputations plummeted. The actress wasmbasted online, and her dark secrets were exposed, leaving her dishonored.

    “Master, you’re Haron, the genius designer. Why don’t you reveal your true identity?” Camille poured Evadne more coffee, curiosity sparkling in her eyes.

    “You’ve asked me this many times.”

    Evadne ma**aged her temples lightly. “I prefer working behind the scenes. I don’t like the spotlight. I don’t want to disturb my peaceful life.”

    “What a waste. If you revealed you’re Haron, Ms. Acacia would be scared out of her wits. She wouldn’t dare to attack you.”

    Camille fumed. “Just because she’s Thaddeus’ fiancée, she thinks she can mock you. She’s so arrogant and cocky! Who does she think she is?”

    Evadne sipped her coffee leisurely, a cheerful gleam in her eyes. “She’s not worth knowing Haron.”

    “But Master, how did you end up shing with such a person? Do you have any disputes with her? Do you need me to teach her a lesson?”

    Evadne paused slightly, then chuckled. “Never mind, she’s the future Mrs. Abernathy.”

    “So what? I’m your apprentice, and whoever offends you, I’ll deal with them!” Camille dered.

    Evadne felt a pang of guilt. Camille, though very close to her, didn’t know that she was the daughter of Skyrim’s wealthiest businessman, Emeric, let alone that she was the ex-wife of Thaddeus, the CEO of the Abernathy group.

    Sometimes, Evadne felt like she had multiple personalities. She had many identities, each with their own social circles and lives, none ovepping with each other. It was an odd feeling.

    “Master, do you still remember your promise?” Camille held up a heart-shaped pastry, her eyes full of anticipation.

    “Of course, I always keep my word. But have you found me a dance partner yet? If he can’t dance or isn’t handsome, I’m not interested,” Evadne asked nonchntly.

    “He’s all ready! Tall, muscr, S**y, and charming! You’ll be satisfied, I guarantee!”

    The small interlude didn’t affect the party.

    Thaddeus stood emotionless, and his suit was outlining his appealing physique. His good looks drew everyone’s eyes, especially the women’s.

    Acacia red at each lingering gaze, protective like a wolf guarding her food. If it weren’t for ordering her wedding dress from Camille, she’d never have brought her boyfriend to such an event. That was like exposing him to all these women, a dangerously risky move!

    Thaddeus ignored everyone, his deep eyes searching the room. Who he was looking for was obvious.

    “Ah! It’s Camille!”

    Acacia noticed the previously missing Camille reappear and quickly tugged Thaddeus’ sleeve. “Thaddeus, let’s go talk to her. You’re the CEO of the Abernathy group, your status is high. If you press her, she’ll definitely agree to design my wedding dress!”

    Thaddeus frowned, pulled along by Acacia.

    “Ms. Camille, we’re actually here hoping you could design a wedding dress for me. Next month, Mr. Thaddeus and I are getting married. We’ll have a grand wedding, and even broadcast it nationwide.” Acacia leaned sweetly into Thaddeus, a smug smile on her face. “If your design appears on me, it’ll catch the attention of the whole country. What great publicity! As long as you design it, money is not an issue. Whatever your requirements, we can meet them. We’re very sincere!”

    “Money is not an issue? Ms. Acacia, you really are marrying a rich man. Quite generous.”

    Camille chuckled, raising a finger. “Ten million dors, and I’ll consider it.”

    “What?! That’s way too expensive!” Acacia eximed in disbelief.

    “Oh, wasn’t money not a problem? So, ten million bucks is enough to scare the future Mrs. Abernathy?”

    “Ten million, I can handle it,” Thaddeus replied, deadpan.

    “Thad…” Acacia bit her l*p, on the brink of tears.

    “Sure, you can, but I won’t,” Camille sneered.

    Thaddeus scowled, feeling duped.

    “My mentor doesn’t sweat the small stuff, she forgave you, but I won’t. Ms. Acacia, forget about your wedding dress and any future custom gowns from Rozabe. I won’t lift a finger.”

    With that, Camille turned on her heel and walked off, not even bothering to spare another word.

    16:40

    Acacia was seething, her teeth grinding in anger. She despised this woman but kept up her victim act, “Thad… did Ms. na say something to her? Why is she so hostile towards us? If she has a problem, she should take it up with me. Why drag innocent people into it?”

    Thaddeus replied uneasily. “After the banquet, I’ll talk to na. I’ll ask her to convince Camille to design your wedding gown.”

    “Thad! You’re the best, I knew you loved me the most!”

    Just as Acacia was about to lean in for a k*ss, the room suddenly erupted in cheers and apuse. The lights in the hall dimmed, and a spotlight hit the stage.

    Modern, mysterious tango music started ying, and a handsome male dancer appeared.

    The next thing Thaddeus knew, he was taken aback!

    There she was, na, looking stunning in a tight, se xy red dress, taking center stage.

    “Oh my go d! Is that the same woman from before? The transformation is unreal!”

    “She’s both beautiful and cool, wild yet tender! I’m totally smitten!”

    “Despite their closeness, their wless dance moves exude no S**ual tension, it’s all high-** artistry. Absolutely fantastic!”

    Thaddeus watched his ex-wife, enchanting and vibrant, on stage, with deep shock in his eyes. Since when did she learn to tango? Wasn’t she tone-deaf and clumsy?

    How could she dress so provocatively in public? How could she let that man touch her waist?! Just because they were divorced, could she now throw all decency out the

    window?!

    Thaddeus observed his woman, her slender waist and beautiful legs peeking out from under the red dress, his eyes aze with fury.

    Tango, after all, was a dance filled with ambiguity. Evadne’s expression was pa**ionate and provocative, her gaze filled with defiance, ying a game of cat and mouse with the male dancer.

    The music, reached one crescendo after another.

    Evadne twined herself around the man like a vine, her slim arms encircling his waist. Her captivating eyes, were fixed on Thaddeus in the crowd.

    Thaddeus was triggered by her gaze, his feelings in turmoil, his face stern, and his throat involuntarily swallowing.

    He desperately wanted to rush onto the stage, shove the male dancer aside, strip off his jacket, and wrap her tightly in it!

    Even as her husband, he had never been so intimate with his wife. How could other men get such liberties?!

    212

###Chapter 84

    Evadne just finished a dance, taking a bow with her dance partner. Even though it wasn’t a formal stage, and just a private get-together, her graceful dance moves lifted the mood, making it feel like a top-notch ball.

    Acacia, listening to the praises for Evadne, was green with envy. She thought of her own past talent in music and dance. She was a songbird and a dancing queen, bagging numerous awards. Later, while abroad, she was too busy chasing after men to satisfy her desires, living in thep of luxury. Now, she might have improved her S** skills, but she had forgotten her talents.

    “Thad, look at how amazing Evadne is. But don’t you think it’s inappropriate to dance like that in front of everyone, wearing so little clothes? I would die of embarra**ment…” Acacia was chatting and sipping her coffee, but when she turned around, Thaddeus was nowhere to be found.

    Thaddeus headed towards the corridor backstage. Despite trying to control himself, images of na’s enchanting dance kept popping up in his head, leaving him parched. He forced himself not to attribute this feeling to emotions. He thought it was just the anger from na’s constant challenges and deceptions.

    Suddenly. Thaddeus heard a man’s excited voice from the corner.

    “The woman I danced with tonight has such a delicate figure. It’s so thrilling! I’ve never touched a woman with such a slim waist in my life!”

    These words were supposed to bepliments. But to Thaddeus, they were like a ticking time bomb, causing an immediate explosion.

    The male dancer heard footsteps behind him, turned his head, and was punched in the face.

    “Ah–!”

    Thaddeus was a military man, and his punch sent the male dancer flying. The dancer fell to the ground, unable to move from the pain, screaming loudly.

    “Do you think you can touch her whenever you want?” Thaddeus sneered, his voice icy cold, “Who do you think you are?”

    “You…you’re Mr. Thaddeus?!” The dancer was scared out of his wits, “Aren’t you supposed to be marrying Ms. Acacia?! I…I didn’t know thatdy was yours…”

    If he hadn’t brought up Acacia, it would have been better. The moment he mentioned her, Thaddeus got even angrier.

    “Thaddeus! What are you doing?!”

    The man turned sharply, seeing Evadne and Camille approaching, his eyebrows furrowed. The dancer got up and ran to them, blooding out of his mouth.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you’re attacking people unprovoked at my party. This is too much!” Camille pointed at Thaddeus’ face, seething with anger.

    “I don’t like what he said.” Thaddeus’ gaze was cold and ruthless, and his fingers clenched. “The punch was to remind him. What he can say, and what he can’t.”

    Evadne was stunned! In her mind, Thaddeus was always dignified and never got into conflicts with these nobodies. What happened today? Did he get off bed on the wrong side?

    “What on earth is going on?” Camille red at the male dancer.

    “I…I didn’t mean to offend Ms. na… I just had a great time dancing with Ms. na, and I was so excited that I called a friend… and bragged a little.” The dancer seemed very nervous. “I didn’t expect Mr. Thaddeus to hear, and he…he just…”

    “Enough!” Evadne frowned and waved her hand. “Camille, you take him to take care of his injuries.”

    “I can’t leave you alone here!” Camille looked at Thaddeus and whispered in her ear, “I think this man’s not right in the head. He’s so quick to violence. He might have manic depression!”

    “I think so, too.”Evadne nodded coldly. “But the problem still needs to be resolved by the person who caused it. Don’t worry, he wouldn’t dare to do anything to me.”

    The two women were whispering, and Thaddeus heard everything! His face darkened.

    Although Camille was worried, she didn’t dare to disobey her mentor’s orders, and hurriedly led the male dancer away.

    The atmosphere became quiet and tense.

    Thaddeus saw her still wearing that se xy red dress, and thinking of the male dancer’s words, he felt ufortable again. He strode up to her, took off his suit jacket without expression, and handed it to her.

    “Put it on.”

    Smack–! Evadne’s eyes shed with a sharp light. She pped his hand away, and the suit fell to the ground. “Thaddeus, what are you doing? Attacking people for no reason, and now you want me to wear your jacket. Are you trying to pi ss me off?”

    “na!” Thaddeus’ pupils suddenly shrank.

    1 know, you like women who look like good girls, like Acacia. But sorry, I don’t. I’ve yed the good girl for three years by your side, and I’m sick of it. Now that we’re divorced, you don’t have to worry about what I wear. I can do whatever I want, and it has nothing to do with you, a man who’s about to marry another woman!” Evadne’s sharp gaze pierced into his reddened eyes.

    “So you’re just going to let yourself go now that you’re not with me?” Thaddeus said, his face pale with anger. “You can dance, but why do you have to wear so little? Don’t you have any shame? Letting that man touch you, feel you?!”

    “Hahaha…” Evadne suddenlyughed. “Mr. Thaddeus, you’re not falling for me, are you?”

    “What nonsense are you talking about?” Thaddeus’ heart pounded, and his breathing seemed to pause.

    Evadne stepped closer to him, lifted her beautiful face, and looked into his stunned eyes. “If you don’t like me, why are you so concerned? Or… is this because you only just realized what you had for three years, and now that someone else wants it, your possessiveness is kicking in?”

    “na, you’re saying I’m possessive?” Thaddeus’ eyes widened.

    “What else can I say? Do you think you deserve anypliments right now?”

    Evadne suddenly stopped smiling. “Thaddeus, dignity is important. I suggest you take it with you when you leave. Stop bothering me and go find your fiancée. Messing around with your ex-wife behind her back, that’s what’s really disgraceful!” After she finished speaking, she turned and walked away with grace, her red dress swaying with the wind. Thaddeus, in his nervous state, gripped her slender wrist tightly. Her eyes reddened with pain, and no matter how much she struggled, she couldn’t break free.

    “If you’ve got beef with me, you can take it up with me directly, but using others to attack me, that’s really low!”

    16:40

    “Using others to attack you?” Evadne was stunned,pletely clueless about what he was talking about.

    “Acacia came here to ask Camille to design a dress for her. Not only did she not get help, but she was also given a hard time! Are you telling me you had nothing to do with this? Are you saying you didn’t use this opportunity to get back at me?”

    7

    212

###Chapter 85

    16:40

    After Thaddeus spoke, even he was taken aback. He had no evidence, but he just a**umed that na was that kind of person. He even hoped na was that kind of person, as if it would prove his importance in na’s heart.

    “Thaddeus, are you perhaps a little too full of yourself?”

    Evadne’s heart ached a little, as she chuckled. “Honestly, I’ve never thought about getting back at you. Whether you’ve married Acacia, or even if you went all Emeric and married four, I wouldn’t care. Because I think hating you is the most pointless thing in the world.”

    Thaddeus felt as if he’d been su cker punched. “na…you…”

    “Camille’s orders are lined up till the end of next year, she’s always been a stickler for her principles. Even if the leader’s wife came, she’d still have to wait her turn. Maybe she wanted to get some payback for me, but I’m not so pathetic as to use a friend to get back at her. If I really wanted to, I could’ve pped her a few times, so why would I go through all that trouble? You really don’t understand me at all, do you?” Evadne’s tone was somewhat teasing, a smile ying on her l*ps.

    But Thaddeus thought her eyes looked dull and lifeless, devoid of any spark. It hurt him a little.

    “na!” As the two were at an impa**e, a familiar voice rang out.

    It was Cas sius!

    Evadne took the opportunity to break away from Thaddeus and almost jogged over to Cas sius. He gently held her in his arms. “Sorry, I was held up. I’mte.”

    “It’s okay.” Evadne sniffled, her eyes glistening.

    “He…didn’t do anything to you, did he?” Cas sius looked worriedly at Thaddeus.

    Evadne shook her head. “Let’s go home.”

    Thaddeus stood there for a while, then quickly followed. Outside, by the Rolls-Royce, Jason was waiting for them.

    Tm tired of these heels, sneakers are so much better,” Evadne whined to Cas sius.

    “Jason, get the shoes I brought for Evadne.”

    Jason quickly retrieved a pair of sneakers from the trunk and ced them at Evadne’s feet.

    Just then, Thaddeus reached the door. He watched as Cas sius knelt down on one knee, took off his ex-wife’s heels, and helped her into her sneakers, tying them for her. More caring than he would be to his own daughter.

    Evadne nonchntly took a piece of chocte from Jason’s jacket pocket, took a bite, and smiled sweetly. “Let’s go. Let’s go home.”

    Cas sius took her hand and helped her into the car, which quickly sped off.

    Thaddeus felt a gaping hole in his chest, an unprecedented sense of loss filled his heart.

    His ex-wife, who used to wait for him day in and day out in their empty house, was now being pampered like a princess by Cas sius. Cas sius, the epitome of nobility, was willing to set aside his status for her, and his eyes were filled with love.

    True love was not even wanting her to bend over to tie her shoes.

    Seeing her being cared for so tenderly made him ufortable.

    That night, Acacia used visiting Elspeth and Mr. Frederic as an excuse to follow Thaddeus back to Windermere Estate.

    “Thaddeus, why did you suddenly disappear? You left me all alone. I was really nervous…”

    They sat in the back seat, and Acacia wrapped her arms around Thaddeus, her head resting on his shoulder.

    “Acacia.” Thaddeus slowly removed his arm from her embrace, his voice cold. “In the future, when you see na again, and she doesn’t show any hostility towards you, don’t bother her, okay?”

    “Thaddeus… do you think I’m bullying her?” Acacia’s eyes immediately reddened, her voice on the verge of tears.

    “Isn’t that the case?”

    L’

    “She didn’t do anything to you today.”

    Thaddeus cold gaze fell on Acacia’s pale face. “No matter how much you resent her, she and I are divorced. After Grandpa’s birthday, when we officially get the divorce papers. we won’t have anything to do with each other. I hope you stop making a scene, that’s all I ask.”

    The rest of the way, Thaddeus didn’t say a word to Acacia until they reached Windermere Estate. Acacia, bearing her fiancé’s coldness, harbored a growing resentment towards

    I’m going upstairs to change.” With a gloomy expression, Thaddeus left.

    Acacia gritted her teeth in frustration. She didn’t think she was in the wrong. na had taken her marriage and monopolized the man who should’ve been hers for three whole years. Even if Acacia killed Ina, it wouldn’t be enough to quell the hatred in her heart, so what were a few mocking words?

    Thaddeus, why did you always take her side? Why?

    Half an hourter, Thaddeus, now changed, descended the stairs with Alva. Halfway down, he heard theughter of three womening from the living room.

    Glynnis said, “We really need to get a new chef. The food’s been horrible ever since na left! That country bumpkin was actually pretty good at cooking, and notpletely useless,”

    Acacia said, “na had to cook for you guys every day?”

    Glynnis replied, “Of course, it was the only good luck that allowed her to join the Abernathy family as a country girl. She had to show her worth, right? You have no idea what the maids were saying about her, calling her an upscale nanny.”

    Thaddeus expression turned frosty, his fingers clenched into fists.

    Elspeth said, “I thought she’d know when to quit, with Thaddeus being so cold to her and the family looking down on her, I didn’t think she’dst a year before divorcing. I never thought she’d endure the humiliation and work for three years before getting a divorce, honestly, I wouldn’t be able to bear it. She really knows how to endure.”

    16:41

    Glynnis went. “Thank g od Acacia’s back. Otherwise, na would’ve just kept mooching off us. So shameless!”

    Thaddeus couldn’t bear it anymore. He snapped, “Have you guys had enough?”

    The atmosphere downstairs changed instantly, like the temperature dropped to freezing.

    “Thaddeus, actually we…” Acacia stood up quickly, trying to defuse the tension.

    “Don’t you guys understand that you’re supposed to be grateful when someone helps you?” Thaddeus cut Acacia off before she could finish, his stern tone scaring her.

    Elspeth and Glynnis went pale. “Thaddeus, what are you talking about, we…”

    “You guys have been enjoying na’s help, not only ungrateful, but now even making fun of her. You think I’d just sit back and take it?” Thaddeus’ eyes were so cold it was frightening.

    na? They hadn’t misheard, had they?

    Throughout their three years of marriage. Thaddeus had always referred to her formally. This indifference made the Abernathy family think na was someone easily controlled. Now they were divorced, but he mentioned na frequently, as if they’d had a great rtionship.

    The three women went pale, and all the ser vants kept quiet.

    “Even though na and I are divorced, she was once my wife. I won’t allow anyone to disrespect her, especially in the Abernathy family.” Thaddeus gritted his teeth, and his brows furrowed. “I suggest you stop making yourselves aughingstock.”

    With that, he stormed upstairs, face flushed with anger.

    The three he left behind were mortified and furious; especially Elspeth, her well-maintained face was turning red.

    “What are you looking at? Go do your work!” Glynnis yelled in anger, only able to vent to the ser vants.

    Acacia hadn’t recovered from the shock. She never remembered Thaddeus losing his temper like this at home.

    “Look, Acacia, this is the man you’re marrying. You’re not even his wife yet, and he’s defending another woman in front of you!” Elspeth mocked.

    Acacia was too angry to speak. She tried to follow him upstairs, but was stopped by Alva. “I’m sorry, Ms. Acacia, Mr. Thaddeus is not in the mood, and he won’t be down for dinner either. Make yourself at home.”

###Chapter 86

    Thaddeus was hunched over on the couch, ma**aging his throbbing temples. His shoulder muscles shivered from the intense pain etched on his face. Truth be told, his headache had begun on the way home. Listening to their nonsensical words only made it worse.

    Noble blood… lowly status… Even if na was the worst, it wasn’t their ce to judge!

    “Mr. Thaddeus! Is your headache acting up again? I’ll get your medicine!” Alva quickly fetched some painkillers from the drawer and poured a warm ** of water for him to wash it down.

    After taking the medicine, Thaddeus felt a slight relief from the pain, and his face was returning to a less pained expression.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, you can’t keep relying on these pills. They all have side effects! I remember Ms. na used to ma**age your head, and it helped a lot. Should we invite her back?” Alva suggested gently.

    “Alva.” Thaddeus’ eyes were a bit red, and his voice choked. “Did they always talk about na like that? They said na cooked for the Abernathy family for three years… Is that true?”

    “Yes, Mr. Thaddeus. I’ve mentioned before how hardworking Ms. na is, but you thought she was just putting on a show. But who can pretend for three years straight? If she was faking it, she deserves a medal for persistence!”

    Thaddeus’ l*ps were tightly pressed together, pale in color.

    “When Ms. na first arrived, her cooking was average at best. She humbly asked for my advice and asked me to teach her. I told her there were ser vants and chefs for that, all she needed to do was enjoy life with you. But she was relentless. She said a wife should take care of household chores, and since she couldn’t a**ist you in your work, she hoped to contribute more to other daily life activities.

    At first, Ms. na would cough from the smoke while cooking and had to wear a mask in the kitchen. But she gradually got used to it. Every morning, she would be bustling in the kitchen before I even woke up.”

    Coughing? Why would she cough? Was she allergic to smoke?

    Thaddeus suddenly felt a suffocating sensation, as if the painkillers couldn’t relieve his headache.

    Alva heaved a frustrated and angry sigh, “I’ve had it with Elspeth and her daughter. Ms. na has sacrificed so much for this family, yet they don’t appreciate it and even mock her. It’s outrageous!

    Mr. Thaddeus, as much as I want you two to reconcile, it hurts when I think about what Ms. na had to endure in the Abernathy family. I hope she finds a better family where she won’t be bullied by gossipy people.”

    A tongue that was unseen did the deadliest deed.

    Thaddeus felt like he was hit over the head, his eyebrows furrowing deeply.

    Days pa**ed, and everything calmed down. But Mr. Hamilton’s birthday was drawing closer.

    With the divorce papers soon to be in hand, Evadne’s feelings were a mess. When she and Thaddeus got married, they didn’t hold a wedding or announce it publicly. They had a quick registry wedding without even a celebratory meal.

    On their marriage certificate’s photo, she had a blissful smile, leaning towards Thaddeus. But his face was devoid of any happiness, looking stiff.

    She thought he would gradually ept her after marriage. As long as she worked hard, Thaddeus would eventually develop feelings for her. But now, she realized love was probably the only thing in the world that couldn’t be achieved through effort alone.

    It was not that Evadne didn’t try hard enough for Thaddeus; it was just that the distance between them was too great.

    “Ms. Evadne, this is the wedding n for Ada that our event nning department worked on all night. Please have a look.” Jason ced the folder in front of her. Evadne picked up the folder to review it, then took a pen and began marking the documents.

    “These, these, and these, are no good. We need changes. No creativity, these are designs from five years ago. Also, the overall color scheme is not right. Ada hates bright colors, so we need to use more Morandi tones. Take it back and redo it!” Evadne said.

    “Yes, Ms. Evadne,” Jason responded.

    “We must start nning Ada’s wedding after Grandfather’s birthday. This time, we must give it our all, and everyone needs to be on their A-game, no room forcency,” Evadne said.

    “Understood! We can’t lose to Thaddeus!” Jason said.

    Evadne scoffed, “I don’t like to lose, and it has nothing to do with Thaddeus. But if he wants topete with me, I’ll show him what true ruthlessness is.”

    At that moment, her phone rang. It was Aviana calling.

    “Aviana, what’s up?” Evadne asked.

    “Ms. Evadne, I made it!”

    Evadne was slightly confused. “Huh?”

    “I’ve got the Dante Chair from your father!” Aviana eximed happily.

    “Aviana, you’ve worked so hard! I must thank you when we meet!” Evadne said.

    “Haha, it’s no trouble at all, as long as you’re happy,” Aviana said.

    “But what if my father finds out? What will you do?” Evadne asked.

    Aviana sounded fearless, “No worries, I ain’t scared of nothing. If things go south, just prepare a nice grave for me.”

    Evadne was speechless.

    That night, Jason drove Evadne back to the vi. She kicked off her heels, sl*pped intofy velvet red sl*ppers, and went upstairs to change and take a bath.

    “Ms. Evadne, I’ll prepare your bath water,” Jason said.

    “No need, just whip up a simple dinner. I can handle the rest.” Evadne smiled.

    16:44

    “Alright, what would you like?” Jason asked.

    “Bolognese pasta,” Evadne replied.

    Evadne yawned and headed upstairs to bathe.

    Jason tidied up the living room, then donned an apron, gloves, and mask, ready to cook. Just as he finished cooking, the doorbell rang.

    Aside from him and Ms. Evadne, only Cas sius and Arnold had keys to this vi. But they never rang the doorbell. They just walked right in.

    Who could it be at thiste hour? Who else knew that Ms. Evadne lived here?

    Jason frowned and walked to the door, pressing the video call button. The next second, he gasped.

    The face on the screen turned out to be the proud and fearless handsome face of Jareth!

    “Hey! Anyone home?” Jareth peeked in.

    “Mr. Jareth, what are you doing here?” Jason immediately became alert, looking at him coldly.

    “Me? I just followed you here.” Jareth suddenlyughed, looking like aplete rascal

    “You! Since when?!”

    “Since you guys left the hotel, I’ve been tailing you. Geez… you’re not much of a secretary, not even realizing your boss is being followed. Your counter-surveince skills are weak.”

    Jason took a deep breath to calm himself, and said frostily, “Ms. na has retired for the night and isn’t receiving any guests. Please leave.”

    “But her room light is still on, so how could she be asleep?” Jareth winked. “I’ve brought a gift. At least let me deliver it before you kick me out, yeah?”

    “Jason, who are you talking to?”

    At this moment, Evadne had already changed into a light pink silk nightgown, her long hair tightly wrapped in a white towel, and came over with steams from the shower.

    “It’s, it’s…” Jason was at a loss for words.

    Evadne walked over, leaned her pretty face close to the screen, and raised an eyebrow. “Oh, it’s you.”

    “na! It’s me, it’s me!” Jareth heard the voice of his beloved, and his eyes were lighting up with excitement.

    “What is it?”

    “na, I’ve brought you a gift. I didn’t see you during the day, so I wanted to give it to you in person tonight!”

    “Mr. Jareth, I’ve made it very clear to you before, I won’t ept your gifts. I’ve epted your good intentions.” Evadne calmly rejected him.

    “But this is crystal artwork made by the famous artist nche in Helgen, it wasn’t easy to get…”

    nche?! Evadne licked her l*ps and pressed the button to open the door.

    Jason helplessly rubbed his forehead.

    Jareth’s way of giving gifts had sessfully touched Evadne’s heart!

###Chapter 87

    The door was open. With a swiftness that suggested he was afraid Evadne might change her mind, Jareth sl*pped inside.

    “Ms. na,ing over to your ce is always like going through a battlefield. So tough!”

    He took in the sight of the woman under the light. Wearing a robe that highlighted her curvaceous figure. Her cheeks glowed with a delicate softness that was incredibly attractive.

    Jareth couldn’t help but swallow.

    “Mr. Jareth, your gaze appears to be a bit inappropriate.” Jason remarked coldly.

    “Everyone appreciates beauty. I’m just admiring a work of art, and not harboring any ill intentions.” Jarethughed it off.

    His exnation was so ridiculous it wasughable.

    “So, is this nche’s masterpiece?” Evadne asked, staring at the box in his arms.

    “Yep, bought two. One for Thad’s grandpa, and the other is especially for you.”

    Jareth’s eyes were brimming with excitement. “na, nche’s works are handcrafted. Only ten pieces are sold each year. They’re really precious, you know?”

    Evadne cleared her throat. “Have you eaten? Care to join me if you haven’t?”

    “Haven’t! I’ve been waiting outside your hotel since five. I’m so hungry my stomach’s practically touching my back!” Jareth’s voice was shaking with anticipation.

    Jason rolled his eyes. Jareth’sid-back demeanor was enough to make anyone roll their eyes.

    Jason, go to the kitchen and make Mr. Jareth a bowl of spaghetti Bolognese.” As she took the box, Evadne instructed him while heading to the living room.

    “It seems Mr. Jareth believes our hospitality has beencking.” Jason saw his chance. “Indeed, our food might not meet your standards. You might not be used to our cooking.” “No! Who said that? Don’t make things up! I’ll eat!”

    Jareth felt a sudden pang in his chest as if a firework had just exploded in his mind.

    As Jason prepared the meal, Evadne and Jareth sat in the living room admiring nche’s work. She held a crystal-clear fan in her hand. The fan was fully opened, resembling a water fountain. The sculpture was carved from a single piece of white crystal, giving the static sculpture a lively beauty.

    “Wow…so beautiful…” Evadne couldn’t help but exim, feeling as if her soul was purified. She carefully lifted the fan from its stand.

    In an instant, Jareth’s eyes widened. Her delicate hands were even more beautiful than the meticulously crafted sculpture, making the crystal fan seem dull inparison.

    “na, do you like it?” Jareth looked at her, head tilted.

    “Absolutely, I admire this artist’s work. It’s truly astonishing.” Joy radiated from Evadne’s face.

    “I like it too…”

    “Thank you, Mr. Jareth. You’re really thoughtful.” Evadne’s expression turned serious. “But I can’t just take it. You must have put a lot of effort into getting this piece. Give me a price, and I’ll buy it.”

    “na, I’ll be heartbroken if you talk about money.” Jareth touched his chest.

    “I’ve always loved this artist’s work. I was nning to go abroad this year to buy one but didn’t have the time. Your gift is really thoughtful. So, let’s strike a deal. I’ll buy it, and you won’t feel your efforts were wasted. Both of us will be satisfied.”

    Evadne smiled. “Besides, I don’t like owing anyone anything.”

    “No can do…I won’t take the money!”

    “Then name your condition. As long as I can fulfill it, I’m all ears.”

    Jareth was delighted to hear this, grinning widely, and then he leaned towards Evadne. “Next week is Grandpa’s birthday. Could youe with me?”

    “Choose something else.”

    “Didn’t you just agree?” Jareth furrowed his brows, looking anxious.

    “I really can’t.”

    Evadne looked at him seriously. “I’ve already promised Mr. Hamilton that I’ll apany him as his granddaughter-inw for his birthday. After this birthday, I’ll have no ties with the Abernathy family. If I appear at the banquet with another man, I think I’ll make Mr. Hamilton ufortable. I just want to spend his birthday happily with him. After all, in the future… I won’t have much time to apany him.”

    A trace of worry shed in her eyes.

    “na, you’re a good person. Thad was too blind to let you go.” Jareth sighed. But he quickly realized that if his friend hadn’t been blind, he wouldn’t have had the chance to meet such a wonderful woman like Evadne.

    “So, name another condition.” Evadne gently touched the fan, looking pleased with it.

    “Well, could you maybe stop calling me Mr. Jareth and use something more friendly?” Jareth looked at her earnestly.

    “Just like that? I rarely agree to such requests.”

    “I’m more than happy that you’re staying for dinner!” Jareth gazed at her deeply, seizing every opportunity to express his affection.

    “Could I call you Jareth from now on?” Evadne asked.

    “Yes, yes, yes! Just call me Jareth!” Jareth’s heart raced with joy.

    He felt their rtionship had taken a step forward. To him, the name “Jareth” was equivalent to “dear.”

    “Miss, the spaghetti Bolognese is ready.”

    Jason came over wearing an apron. He was very gentle towards Evadne but not so much with Jareth. “His bowl is also ready. I added chili.”

    Hope Jareth couldn’t handle it!

    16:44

    “na, is it really convenient to have a male housekeeper? We have a maid who’s been working for us for 15 years. She’s very diligent and cooks well, I grew up eating her food. Would you like me to introduce her to you?” Jareth looked at Jason smugly.

    Jason was so angry he crumpled his apron!

    Jareth thought to himself, “You’re just an a**istant, and you’re already acting all high and mighty in front of me? That’s way out of line!”

    “Jason and I have grown up together.. There’s no way I’d let him go.” Evadne’s gaze turned slightly gloomy, and her voice became cold. “Mr. Jareth, didn’t your family recently take over the pipe selling business? Seems like you have quite a lot on your te.”

    Jason felt warm inside, Ms. na was definitely on his side!

    Jareth was about to blow up, his heart aching. So this male nanny had actually grown up with na! Cas sius didn’t immediately kick this man out but let him stay by his woman’s side. Was he trying to show how broad-minded he was?

    “You go wait for me in the dining room, and I’lle down as soon as I’ve put away these things.” Evadne put the artwork back into the box and happily went upstairs with the gift.

    Watching the woman’s light steps, like a butterfly dancing, Jareth felt very pleased and couldn’t help but take out his phone to snap a picture of her retreating figure. Just a casual snap, and it had the aesthetic sense of a top-tier artwork.

    At this moment, a message popped up on the phone screen. Thaddeus was in a bad mood, asking him out for a drink. Jareth’s vanity suddenly red up, and he sent the photo he had just taken to Thaddeus.

    Two secondster. Thaddeus called.

    “Hello?” Jareth turned around to answer the call, lowering his voice.

    Thaddeus’ voice was cold, like it wasing from hell, “Are you with na at this time?”

    “Not only am I with na, I’m at her ce.” Jareth was clearly getting carried away.

    “Where does she live?!” Thaddeus growled quietly.

    “You wouldn’t even know where your ex-wife lives, would you? I can’t tell you, it’s obvious she doesn’t want you to disturb her.”

    “Jareth, I’ll ask you again. Where does na live?” Thaddeus’ tone was full of threats.

    “Ha ha…” Jareth couldn’t help butugh out loud. “I’m not telling you!”

    16:44

###Chapter 88

    Thaddeus pulled up outside Evadne’s vi. He rolled down the window, looking at the warm lights inside; thinking about Jareth and na inside, his heart felt as stuffed as

    cotton.

    His forehead was furrowed, and his sweaty palm was holding a cell phone. On the screen was a picture of na wearing a silky, se xy camisole nightgown, her graceful figure partially hidden and partially visible.

    Back in the day, she would only wear those loose white cotton dresses, like a maternity dress, not at all showing off her figure. Now divorced, she has totally transformed into a se xy goddess, attracting men’s attention everywhere and making them swoon!

    Thaddeus’ solid chest heaved as he looked down at the photo, loosening his meticulously tied tie.

    Meanwhile.

    Jareth watched Evadne devouring her food, his face turning green with envy. He was pampered by his mother since childhood. Jareth had his first sip of c at fifteen and his first bite of fried chicken at eighteen.

    Spaghetti Bolognese? Mexican burrito? Suchmoner food could never enter Mr. Jareth’s mouth.

    “Aren’t you eating? It won’t taste good when it’s cold,” Evadne asked casually.

    “I’m… I’m so happy, I don’t know where to start…” Jareth fumbled with his cutlery, giving an awkward smile.

    “It’s just a te of spaghetti. If you like it, I have a whole box of it. You can take it home when you leave.”

    “No, no, no!”

    Jareth gritted his teeth and stomped his foot, ready to take some hardship for the sake of winning na’s affection!

    So, he forked some spaghetti, bulged his eyes, and took a big bite. Jareth felt spi cy chilli go straight down his throat, making his eyes bloodshot and his tongue numb.

    If he continued eating, he would suffer from unbearable pain! He red at Jason, only to see him wearing an innocent smile, which revealed his mischief,

    “Can’t handle spi cy food? You should have said earlier…it’s quite hot, huh?” Evadne considerately poured a ** of water for Jareth. Just then, the doorbell rang.

    “It’s so lively tonight. Let me check.” Jason went to the door and pressed the video call button. The moment Thaddeus’ handsome face appeared on the screen, Jason’s heart tightened, and he took a half step back.

    “I’m looking for na.”

    “Jason, who is it?”

    At this moment, Evadne and Jareth, who was still coughing and red-faced, came out. Both were taken aback when they saw the man on the screen,

    “Did you… Did you tell him?” évadne reacted quickly, her sharp gaze stabbing into Jareth’s face.

    “na… I didn’t have a choice. Thaddeus threatened me!” Jareth’s eyes were filled with tears, covering his chest, coughing, and still recovering. “He said…he said if I don’t tell him where you live, he will cut off our friendship. And he also said…”

    “What else did he say?” Evadne frowned.

    “He also threatened… that he would not divorce you. As long as you two are not divorced, neither I nor Cas sius can be with you.”

    Thaddeus was so shameless!

    Evadne was so angry that her eyes were red, and her hands clenched into fists. She stormed over, pulled Jason behind her, and coldly said, “What right do you have to be at my doorstep? Leave immediately, or I’ll call security!”

    “na,e out.” Thaddeus’ brow furrowed, his tone somewhat irritated.

    Evadne sneered, “Who do you think you are? You ask me toe out, and I should?”

    “Jareth, youe out,” Thaddeus called out to Jareth directly, his eyes red.

    “I’m noting out.” Jareth knew his brother’s temper well and was somewhat afraid.

    “Jareth!”

    “Mr. Jareth is my guest. He came to give me a special gift. Since I’ve epted his gift, I obviously won’t ask him to leave.”

    Evadne’s voice was deep. “Mr. Thaddeus, you are not wee here. Please leave!”

    Just as Thaddeus was about to say something, Evadne turned off the inte. The screen went dark, but his angry eyes lingered before her. This man dared to threaten with divorce. He was shameless! Did he think a divorce certificate could control Evadne for a lifetime?

    “na, I’m sorry.”

    Jareth sniffed his spi cy red nose, feeling a little uneasy. “It’s all my fault, I shouldn’t have told him…”

    “It’s not your fault.”

    Evadne took a deep breath, and her fists clenched. “It’s all Thaddeus, that shameless man! He just doesn’t want me to have a good life!”

    Jareth was always proud in front of women, and those who pursued him had to be respectful and dare not make a sound. At this moment, seeing Evadne angry, Jareth, the dominant man, finally felt the sense of being suppressed, and he was really scared.

    There was a loud rumble outside. It was going to rain.

    “Let’s go back and finish our food. Just ignore him.” Evadne stormed off.

    Jareth stood there, looking at the door, suddenly realizing, Oh my go d, what she just did, what she just said… was she pretending all along?!

    Soon, it started pouring.

    16:44

    Evadne and Jareth were sitting by the floor-to-ceiling ** window, drinking coffee and chatting.

    “Honestly, I had some prejudices about you before. Before getting to know you, I didn’t realize you were such an interesting person. And you’re kinder than I thought.” Evadne took a sip of her coffee and said sincerely.

    “na! You… you actually said I’m kind? Did I hear you wrong?!” Jareth was so excited that he could hardly express his feelings. “Really, na, I’m so touched. I will remember yourpliments for the rest of my life. I will even engrave it on my tombstone when I die!”

    “Stop it, or I’ll throw up.” Evadneughed.

    “na, if, I mean if. If you met me before you married Thad… would you like me? Would you give me a chance to pursue you?” Jareth took the opportunity to express his feelings to Evadne, slowly moving closer to her. He knew he wasn’t a good man, but for her, for the first time, he had the idea of turning over a new leaf.

    “No.” Evadne answered firmly.

    Woosh-

    Jareth was drenched from head to toe in metaphorical cold water. “Why?”

    “I won’t fall in love with anyone else if it’s not Thaddeus. And without Thaddeus, I won’t fall in love again.” Evadne stared at the rain on the window, her face as quiet as the pitch-dark night.

    Their rtionship had spanned thirteen years, from their first meeting to marriage and then to divorce. She had given him the most pa**ionate love, the brightest smile, and the deepest devotion of her life. She just didn’t have the energy to love someone else again.

    Some people’s hearts were still beating, yet they were already empty.

    Jareth looked at her deste profile, his heart aching. She was only twenty-four, but the destion in her eyes, the despair towards love, made her seem like an aged woman.

    Thaddeus, you really screwed up!

    “Miss!” Jason rushed over.

    “Hmm?” Evadne seemed a bit dazed, her eyes somewhat vacant.

    “You…you need to see this.”

    Jason led Evadne to the corridor on the other side, standing in front of the window. “Look! Is Thaddeus out of his mind?!”

    Evadne looked outside. Her pupils immediately contracted!

    A man was standing quietly by a ck sports car. His ck tie was fluttering in the wind, and his dark hair was disheveled by the wind. He was drenched, but his eyes were still bright, and his posture was still straight, like a sword stuck in the ground, unshakeable no matter how fierce the storm.

    “Is he crazy? What’s he doing standing in the rain? ying the sympathy card? Does he think this will grab your attention?! What a sneaky ba stard!” Jason said angrily.

    “You’re right, he’s really getting sneakier.” Evadne’s heart tightened as she forced a smile. “If he wants to stand, let him stand. Let’s see if he’s really a shameless jerk.”

    Then, her phone rang. Thaddeus’ name red at her from the screen. She hesitated for a moment, but eventually, she answered. “Thaddeus, can you stop making a scene?”

    “Come out, I have something to say.” Thaddeus’ voice was still deep and powerful, undrowned by the storm.

    “I have nothing to say to you!”

    Just then, a bolt of purple lightning struck down, turning Evadne’s face white with fear!

###Chapter 89

    It was a brutal storm, and lightning was tearing through the night sky. Evadne remembered that Thaddeus was standing right under a tree! What was worse, he was actually calling her in this weather. Was he trying to get himself killed?!

    “Thaddeus, I’m noting out to see you. Stop calling me and get home now!” Evadne’s eyes were red with anger.

    “If you don’te out, I won’t leave.” Thaddeus’ voice was determined and deep.

    “You crazy… jerk!” Evadne’s face was flushed with anger. She cursed as she headed towards the stairs.

    “Ms. na! Ms. na!”

    No matter how Jason called, he couldn’t stop Evadne.

    Thaddeus held his phone tightly, and his brows knitted. He stared intently in the direction of the vi’s gate, standing upright, not wavering a bit. Finally, the gate opened.

    There was a gleam in Thaddeus’ eyes, and his breath became heavy.

    Evadne, wearing a coat and holding arge umbre, walked quickly towards him. The wild wind made her hair fly. Her b*dy was swaying as if she could be blown away at any moment. But her expression showed no fear, still tough as nails.

    Thaddeus was surprised; he always felt like he had seen those eyes, shining like stars in the dark, somewhere before.

    Evadne calmly walked up to him. She was from the Ashbourne family, had four outstanding brothers, and her father was Skyrim’s richest man, worth billions. She was used to controlling other people’s fates. When did she ever let a man affect her emotions?

    “Thaddeus, are you out of your mind or just in crazy? Aren’t you afraid of getting struck by lightning?” Evadne became angrier the more she spoke, wishing she could bite him to death.

    Thaddeus’ eyes squinted slightly, and he asked in a low voice. “Do you care about me?”

    Care?

    Evadne took a deep breath and scoffed, “Don’t tter yourself. I only came out because I didn’t want you to cause trouble at my doorstep. I don’t want you d*rtying my ce.”

    Her words were harsh and hurtful. But even so, Thaddeus felt that this version of na was much more lively and adorable than the woman who acted like a puppet.

    Curiosity was the beginning of all emotions.

    “Let’s get in the car and talk.” Thaddeus looked at her clothes soaked by the rain and said calmly.

    “No need.” Evadne firmly refused. “Whatever you want to say, say it now, and say it quickly!”

    “Get in the car.” Thaddeus was more stubborn, his brows furrowed, and he walked quickly forward.

    Just then, a purple lightning bolt split the sky!

    A loud thunderp, a thick branch suddenly broke off and fell without warning!

    The sound of the rain was too loud, and Evadne waspletely focused on Thaddeus, so she didn’t notice the danger approaching.

    “Look out!”

    She suddenly stopped, and the next second, she felt a wave of hot air rushing towards her. Thaddeus reacted quickly, opened his strong arms, and wrapped them around her, holding her tightly under him.

    That falling branch hit his broad back. Thaddeus tried to control himself, but a groan of pain still escaped from his throat. Even so, his arms around Evadne did not loosen at all. Evadne’s pupils shrank, her heart beating so fast it felt like it couldn’t fit in her chest. “Thaddeus! Are you okay?”

    “I’m fine, get in the car.” He gritted his teeth to bear the pain, firmly gripping her wrist.

    The rain was pouring down from the sky, but Evadne waspletely speechless by this man, and he forcibly pulled her into the car.

    In the dimly lit car, there was a damp smell everywhere and hot breath.

    Thaddeus took off his soaking suit and casually threw it on the pa**enger seat. His damp ck bangs partly covered his eyes, even looking disheveled, he was still attractive.

    At this moment, Evadne was still unsettled, recalling the crisis just now, and the man’s embrace that made her feel ufortable.

    Three years of marriage, and he had never hugged her. So this is what it felt like to be embraced by him, so rea**uring. Was this what Acacia experienced every day?

    Thinking of this, a cold smile appeared on Evadne’s l*ps. No matter how good he was, he belonged to someone else. There was nothing worth lingering over.

    “Did Cas sius buy that vi for you?” Thaddeus nced at her, his voice cold.

    “Why do you ask?” Evadne crossed her arms and defiantly stared out the window. “Do I, a country girl, look like I can afford such a big house? Of course, it was President Ashbourne’s generous gift to me.”

    “Since you had nowhere to live, why didn’t you take the vi I offered you back then?” Thaddeus couldn’t help but get a little angry, even ignoring the pain in his back.

    “Why would I?” Evadne’s l*ps slowly curved up, and she scoffed softly. “It’s only right that I ept his gifts. But what would it mean if I epted yours? A transaction over, we each get what we want? Thaddeus, you really know how to humiliate people. However, I am not the kind of person who forgets her principles at the sight of money. I never used a penny of your money before our divorce, and I certainly won’t do so now.”

    “na, I didn’t mean to humiliate you, you’re overthinking.” Thaddeus took a breath, his deep eyes filled withplex emotions.

    The reason Thaddeus gave her money initially was because he considered that she was a girl from amon family. After the divorce, without savings, life in this city might have been difficult for her. After all, besides material things, he didn’t have much else to give her.

    “Enough. If you carne to me just to bring up those old things, I’m sorry, I’m not interested and don’t want to hear it. I’m leaving!”

    Evadne had no patience to chat with him anymore, so she reached out to open the car door.

    Thaddeus’ heart tightened, and he quickly grabbed her wrist and pulled hard.

    “Ah!” Evadne let out a surprised gasp, and the next second, she crashed into the man’s firm chest like a little bird.

    16:44

    It… it hurt! How could this man’s chest be so hard? Like it was made of iron?

    Fortunately, she didn’t have a nose job, otherwise….

    “I’m sorry.” Thaddeus voice was low and maic, captivating.

    Evadne’s heart fluttered, and her nose was red from the impact. She looked up at him in surprise.

    “You said… what?” Thaddeus’ throat went dry, and his eyes shed with embarra**ment.

    After all, he was not a spring chicken anymore, and he had never apologized to anyone before, so he was a bit jittery. So, he unnecessarily added. “About that thing. I’m apologizing on behalf of Acacia. She really shouldn’t have said those things to you in public.”

    In an instant, Evadne’s mood took a nosedive, a cold smirk hanging on her l*ps. “Huh, so you’ve been standing here in the pouring rain just to apologize for your fiancée. You’ve gone out of your way to run over here, but I’m not buying your apology!”

###Chapter 90

    “Why?” Thaddeus frowned, a hint of tension in his eyes.

    He had no idea how long he had psyched himself up to say ‘I’m sorry. A whole da mn week without sleep!

    He had originally nned to apologize to her on his grandpa’s birthday, but after seeing Jareth strut into her house tonight, he realized that he couldn’t wait any longer and just wanted to see her ASAP.

    He didn’t really understand why he felt that way and he had never felt like that before.

    His emotions always had a switch. But at that moment, he was beginning to realize that the switch controlling his emotions seemed to be in na’s hands.

    “If someone should apologize, it should be Acacia herself. What are you doing apologizing on behalf of her? Trying to show off your lovey-dovey rtionship?”

    Evadne’s eyes were cold as ice while saying, “If she killed someone, would you pay for her crime?”

    “na, I’m here to apologize to you sincerely!” Thaddeus’ voice rose a few notches, his eyes slightly red.

    “I think you’re just trying to pi ss me off.” Evadne couldn’t help butugh, her eyes shing coldly, “Thaddeus, if you don’t understand the meaning of ‘sorry’, don’t use the word and taint it!”

    “na, are you trying to pick a fight with me?” Thaddeus’s voice became colder.

    “You’re the one picking a fight, I didn’t ask you toe, you came here to make yourself ufortable.”

    Evadne forcefully pulled her wrist away, wincing from the pain, “Let go, I’m going home!”

    “Even if I’m apologizing on behalf of Acacia, so what? I still apologized to you, what more do you want?!” Thaddeus could no longer hold his anger in, gripping her shoulders tightly.

    “Thaddeus, what I wanted was never an apology from you.”

    What she really wanted from him was his love but she knew she would never have his love in her lifetime. She epted that reality then she finally let go of him, why was he still bothering her? Did he think she was cheap?

    Evadneughed bitterly, tears welling in her eyes.

    At that moment, her eyes were red as fire, bright enough, beautiful enough and dazzling enough. Thaddeus felt as if he was being burned by her gaze, his heart racing.

    “I want you to disappear from my world,pletely. Goodbye, no need to see you out.”

    Evadne pushed Thaddeus away, but he grabbed her wrist tightly again, saying, “How can I possibly disappear? We were once married so you can never erase the word ‘divorce’ from your life experience!”

    “I can if I say I can. You may think we’re divorced, but in my eyes, I’m a widow!” Evadne’s eyes were full of contempt as if he was just a speck of dust.

    Thaddeus suddenly felt pain as if he had been hit hard by something, his head buzzing, the pain unbearable!

    He took a deep breath, his hand trembling as he h oar sely said, “na! I won’t let you go! As long as I don’t divorce you, you will never start anew!”

    p!

    Evadne’s usually firm eyes were now full of tears, she finally couldn’t take it anymore and pped Thaddeus.

    That was only the second time she hit him, but her feelings that time werepletely different from the first.

    Her heart felt like it was pierced by his words.

    “Thaddeus, if I knew that you were such a lowlife, I never should have married you in the first ce!”

    Evadne quickly got out of the car and mmed the door shut.

    She ran towards the mansion without even taking the time to open her umbre as she just wanted to get out of his sight at that moment.

    Thaddeus sat there, stunned, his head still tilted, in the same position as when he was pped.

    After who knew how long, his tall figure began to curl up, his arms wrapped around his throbbing head, shaking, looking pitiful.

    Back home, Evadne avoided Jason and headed straight for her room.

    She had just made it up the stairs when she could no longer hold it together, her left hand against the wall, her right hand gripping her clothes, panting as if she were drowning. only just managing not to let the tears of sadness flow.

    *na?*

    Jareth’s worried voice came from behind her, Evadne bit her l*p, forcing the tears back down as she didn’t want to reveal her men tal state to him.

    “I’m tired and want to rest, I won’t see you out. Thanks for your gift.”

    “na, what’s wrong?” Jareth asked anxiously.

    “I’m fine, you don’t have to worry about me, good night!”

    *na!”

    Jareth quickly caught up with her, gripping her slender shoulders, forcing her to turn towards him.

    His strength was too much, Evadne felt dizzy, and her moist eyes filled with deep resentment.

    It was even more captivating.

    “You cried?” Jareth stared at her intently,

    “No.” She answered coldly, but her red-rimmed eyes couldn’t hide the secret.

    “na, did Thaddeus make you mad? He’s such a fool, you shouldn’t stoop to his level, he’s just not worth it!”

    “Yeah, not worth it,” Evadne muttered in a daze.

    Jareth took a deep breath, her gaze like shards of ice piercing his heart.

    16:45

    apter 90

    “na, why don’t you try being with me?”

    Evadne furrowed her brows.

    “Why don’t you try epting me? I might not be a good guy, but I’m willing to be one for you!”

    Couldn’t he bepared to anyone else, not even Thaddeus?

    “Jareth, I’m really tired. Don’t make it any harder for me than it has to be.” Evadne looked at him, looking extremely dejected.

    “na.” Jareth’s breath quickened, his heart full of pity.

    “It’s alreadyte, I really want to sleep, you should also go home.”

    Evadne pushed him away and headed for her bedroom.

    “Are you and Ca ss ius really dating? What exactly is your rtionship with him? Are you really dating him or are you secretly using him to get back at Thaddeus?!”

    Evadne was taken aback, clenching her fist in the dark and retorted. “These are none of your business!”

    “There’s no trace of you and Cas sius living together in this mansion. If he’s your boyfriend, why isn’t there even a pair of his shoes at the door? How could there be no signs of him being with you?!”

    “I’m telling you again, none of this has anything to do with you. You don’t need to interfere in my personal life.”

    “na! Don’t hurt yourself, don’t do anything stu pid!” Jareth’s throat felt bitter, his voice filled with urgency.

    Evadne kept her l*ps sealed, not even looking back as she left him behind.

    Thaddeus was driving home from Evadne’s ce to Windermere Estate. A journey that normallysted less than an hour, but he took a full two hours to travel the same

    distance.

    A splitting headache made it almost impossible for him to see the road ahead, and the heavy rain made it even harder for him to focus on the road. He nearly crashed the car

    twice.

    Thaddeus burst into his study, knocking over cups and papers in his frantic search for medication. When he finally found the pill bottle that he was searching for, he swallowed the pills dry, without even pausing to get a drink of water.

    But even after taking double the usual dose, his headache didn’t let up one bit.

    “Thaddeus, if I knew that you were such a lowlife, I never should have married you in the first ce!”

    na’s hateful words echoed in his mind, making his strong b*dy curl up in pain. His headache was splitting, and he was soaked in cold sweat.

    Hearing themotion, Alva rushed into the room to figure out what was actually going on.

    Seeing Thaddeus in such pain, she felt her heart ache and tears sprang to her eyes.

    “Mr. Thaddeus! What’s wrong?! Is it your migraine acting up again?!”

    Thaddeus was in a state of confusion, slurring his words, “na. na.”

    “Mr. Thaddeus! Hang in there, I’m going to immediately call your private doctor!”

    Alva, white as a sheet, hurried out of the room. Just then, the phone started to vibrate.

    It was an unfamiliar number.

    “Hello?!”

    “Alva, it’s me,” A gentle voice came through.”

    “Ms. na?! Is that you?!” Alva pped a hand over her mouth, unable to believe her ears.

    “Yes, it’s me, na.”

    “Ms. na, it really is you, thank goodness!”

    Alva, tears streaming down her face, barely managed to get the words out of her mouth, “Please save Mr. Thaddeus! His migraine is back! He’s in so much pain he can’t even talk! When you were with Mr. Thaddeus, his migraines didn’te back for a long time, but now without you, it’s even worse! What should I do?!”

    “Alva, don’t panic, just listen to me.”

    Evadne took a deep breath, her voice steady and methodical, “Go to my room, there’s a silver box in the drawer next to my bed. Inside it, there’s a set of ma**aging tools I used to use to help Mr. Thaddeus with his migraines. Underneath the box, there’s a notebook with detailed instructions on how to use them and where to ma**age.”

    “Okay, I’m heading there right now!”

    “Also, Alva, Mr. Thaddeus got hurt tonight and he was hit by a tree branch on his back. He’s been keeping it to himself as if it was nothing to worry about, but I know it must be bad. In my drawer, there’s also an ointment for injuries, make sure you apply it for him. If it doesn’t get better in a few days, take him to see a doctor, don’t let it get worse.”

    “Got it, Ms. na.” Alva wiped her tears, feeling her heart ache.

    This girl really took good care of him, how could Mr. Thaddeus let her go?

    “There’s onest thing.”

    Evadne fell silent for a moment, then said softly, almost as though sighing. “Tonight, I’d appreciate it if you don’t mention anything rted to this call to Mr. Thaddeus. Please.”

    212

###Chapter 91

    The next afternoon, Thaddeus finally woke up. He’d been having the same dream all night.

    He was back on the battlefield of Zenithia. He was a**igned a tough mission where he and 50 otherrades snuck into the enemy camp, wiped out the terrorists, and sessfully rescued 10 hostages.

    Those hardened criminals were armed with heavy guns. There were also just-legal teenagers who had started killing and robbing at the tender age of five.

    Blood-soaked sand was like a living hell.

    Originally, Thaddeus wasn’t on the mission list but he volunteered and became a member of the Shadowguard Legion.

    “Young man, are you married?”

    “No.”

    “Why would you want to take on this mission? All of us here have families. If there’s a mishap, there’s someone to carry on.”

    At that time. Thaddeus simplyughed, uncaring about life or death.

    “I have no burdens, so I have nothing to fear.”

    The two most important women in his life had both left him one after the other. His heart was already broken to the point of no return, so he wasn’t afraid of dying.

    In fact, he was more afraid of loneliness.

    Later, 49rades fought to the death, leaving less than 10 survivors.

    Thaddeus was shot and stabbed in the leg, shoulder, and waist. Just when he thought he was going to die, then a girl in a white coat saved him like an angel.

    Wearing a thick mask, with a neat short haircut, her white coat was ragged, like an angel in battle.

    Her beautiful eyes shone brightly as if they could outshine the sun and the moon.

    That woman was Paloma, the lifesaver he had been searching for all these years.

    Unexpectedly, after seeing nast night, he dreamed of her again.

    Although na and Paloma were two unrted people, he saw Paloma’s shadow in na’s eyes, which was really puzzling to him.

    Thaddeus rubbed his forehead and found that the headache waspletely gone.

    At that time, Alva came in with a medicine box.

    Seeing Thaddeus awake and looking better, she happily said, “Mr. Thaddeus! Are you awake? How are you feeling today?”

    “I’m okay.”

    Thaddeus tried to sit up and suddenly found out that he had changed into pajamas, which surprised him.

    “What’s up with these clothes?”

    “You disappearedst night and came back all soaked. I helped you change all your clothes.”

    As Alva spoke, she tidied up the room, “You’re already thirty, howe you still can’t take care of yourself?”

    Thaddeus frowned and touched his hair in annoyance.

    Last night, he remembered having a splitting headache. He went to the study for medicine and that was thest thing he could remember ofst night’s events.

    “Alva, did you change my clothes?”

    “Who else could it be?”

    Thaddeus touched his forehead awkwardly, “Alva, I’m thirty, not thirteen, could you not just change my clothes randomly?”

    “Oh, do you think I took advantage of you? I’m old enough to be your mother!” Alva began to boast, “Do you think I enjoy changing your clothes? I’ve seen you grow from a boy to a man, I’m sick of it!”

    Thaddeus was helpless.

    “How did you drive your wife away? Now there’s no one to take care of you, whose fault is that? If one day I can’t take care of you, you’ll turn into a wild man with no one to look after you, then you’ll be satisfied!”

    Alva began to nag, but Thaddeus didn’t even have a chance to retort.

    “Quick, take off your shirt!”

    “What are you up to?” Thaddeus took a step back, as he was surprised to hear that.

    “I need to put ointment on the wound on your back! The medicine won’t work unless you keep applying it, so hurry up and take it off!”

    Alva held the ointment Mrs. Abernathy had given her and urged Thaddeus sternly.

    Thaddeus’s eyes narrowed, “How did you know I got hurt on my back?”

    “That’s because.” Alva all of a sudden remembered Mrs. Abernathy’s instructions and hastily corrected herself, “That’s because I saw it when I was changing your clothesst night! That huge bruise scared me to death!”

    Thaddeus remembered the moment he was movedst night. He was holding na, feeling the warmth of her b*dy, and the softness that seemed to melt in his hand.

    For some reason, he had a strong urge to protect her.

    Thaddeus swallowed and his eyes were filled with uncontroble desire.

    But soon enough, his eyes cooled down.

    After all, Thaddeus was a man with a strong sense of self-esteem. He had already apologized to her, but na not only didn’t ept it, but she also pped him and humiliated him. That was something he couldn’t tolerate.

    Man can be killed but not insulted.

    16:45

    At that moment, the butler’s voice came from outside the door.

    “Mr. Thaddeus, Mr. Jareth is here looking for you. He’s waiting for you in the living room.”

    Thaddeus’s l*ps tightened as he ordered, “Tell him to find me in the study.”

    The sudden visit of Jareth made Glynnis’ heart flutter. She was jumping with excitement hearing the news of his visit.

    She quickly changed into her new haute couture dress, touched up her makeup, sprayed on perfume, and happily went to meet her beloved.

    Just as she opened the door, Glynnis saw Mari hugging that annoying teddy bear, hopping around in the hallway as if she was ying a game.

    Glynnis frowned in disgust, walked up to Mari in her high heels, and gave her a hard shove.

    “Ah!” Mari sl*pped and stumbled forward, falling heavily to the ground. It looked very clumsy and pitiful.

    Even so, she still held onto the teddy bear tightly.

    “I told you not to jump around in the hallway. Look, you fell, didn’t you?”

    Glynnis was in a good mood, so she didn’t want to waste any more time with her and straightened her hair and walked past Mari.

    If she was in a bad mood, she might have stepped on Mari.

    After Glynnis left, Mari dared to slowly get up from the ground.

    Over the years, she’de to know Glynnis pretty well. ying the fool and keeping her head down when in Glynnis’s presence meant getting yelled at less.

    “Mari!” Alva spotted the situation and rushed over, propping Mari up with an expression full of concern. “What happened? It’s t ground, how did you hurt yourself?!”

    “I’m okay.” Mari pressed her l*ps together as she described the situation, “I was just being careless.”

    “I saw Glynnis leaving this ce just now, did she push you?!” Alva’s eyes turned red with anger as she wanted the truth.

    “No, no! I’m fine! I need to go!”

    At the mention of Glynnis, Mari instantly hugged her teddy bear, enduring the pain, and hurried away.

    Watching Mari’s pitiful figure leaving, Alva gritted her teeth and sighed.

    Jareth took a stroll around the backyard, and as he walked back into the living room, he ran into a beaming Glynnis.

    “Mr. Jareth!” Glynnis greeted him with a sweet voice, as sugary as candy, “What brings you here? Are you looking for Thaddeus?”

    “Indeed,” Jareth replied casually. He was close to Thaddeus and had an understanding of the environment of the Abernathy family better than anyone else.

    He was well aware that Elspeth was a cun ning woman, hence his cold demeanor towards Glynnis.

    But Glynnis didn’t see it that way. She thought that she had beauty and a good family background. Plus, she was so straightforward. She was sure Mr. Jareth would be eating out of her hand soon.

    So, she pulled her cor lower, straightened her chest, and flirtatiously hung onto Jareth’s sturdy arm, puckering her red l*ps.

    “Mr. Jareth, let’s go, I’ll take you to Thaddeus.”

    However, the next second, Jareth’s eyes turned frosty, his gaze cold as ice.

    “Let go of me. Your perfume is too pungent; don’t d*rty my clothes.”

###Chapter 92

    Glynnis’s perfectly made-up face froze instantly, her mood suddenly tense.

    “Whoa, hold on, are we BFFs or something? You just came up and touched me, that’s not cool.”

    Jareth’s eyes were icy cold, and he slowly but forcefully pulled his arm back.

    “Mr. Jareth, I’m sorry, you’re Thaddeus’s close friend, and I just treated you like a brother, I really didn’t mean anything weird.” Glynnis was afraid Jareth would hate her and quickly exined herself.

    “You’re Thaddeus’s sister, not mine. Mind your manners next time.”

    Jareth answered coldly and turned to leave.

    He was wearing clothes that na had given him, he cherished them so much that he barely washed them, let alone let unrted people d*rty them.

    Glynnis clenched her fists in frustration, nearly drawing blood from the pressure!

    Suddenly, Jareth stopped, one hand in his trouser pocket, squinting at Glynnis

    Glynnis quickly shed a bright smile, her heart pounding in her chest!

    Sure enough, Jareth was a tough cookie with a soft center. How could he not care about her? He must care about her!

    “Man, I can’t understand girls’ fashion trends nowadays.”

    “What?” Glynnis was taken aback.

    “I’ve heard of l*pstick, but tooth-stick? That’s something new.”

    Jarethughed teasingly and walked away stylishly.

    Glynnis finally realized what he meant, so she hurriedly rushed to the bathroom and smiled at herself in the mirror to figure out what was wrong.

    Her normally white teeth were smeared with l*pstick!

    “Argh!” Glynnis screamed in embarra**ment and annoyance, she felt like smashing the mirror.

    In the study. Jareth walked in and sat on the sofa, looking casual and rebellious.

    “Glynnis is like a female goon, always touching me without consent. What happened to the notion of women being dignified? If it were na, she’d never do such shameful thing.”

    Thaddeus was reviewing documents sent by Gordon and nced coldly at Jareth.

    “What do you want?”

    “I came to see how you are doing, man. To see if your cold is better,” Jareth squinted, took a cigarette from his pack, and put it in his mouth.

    “Feeling pretty smug, aren’t you, Jareth?” Thaddeus’s face darkened, gripping his pen tightly.

    “Eh, I’m okay, at least I can still get in the door, which is more than you can say,” Jareth nonchntly blew a smoke ring.

    Thaddeus was choked by these words, frowning heavily.

    Indeed, as na’s husband, he not only got drenched in the rainst night but also got pped by her.

    It seemed that his situation was indeed worse than Jareth’s.

    The more Thaddeus thought about it, the more ridiculous and angrier he felt!

    Jareth snuffed out his cigarette in a crystal ashtray, stood up, walked over to Thaddeus, leaned his arms on the desk, and squinted at him.

    Thaddeus remained expressionless, meeting his oppressive gaze.

    “Thad, I’m going to win na over, and I’m going to make her mine.”

    Jareth’s eyes were sparkling like a sharp de as if he wanted to dissect Thaddeus and see what was so good about him!

    Thaddeus treated na so poorly, left her alone for three years, and even forced her to divorce. Such a man could be a friend, but definitely he couldn’t be husband.

    He just couldn’t ept that!

    Thaddeus’s breathing suddenly becamebored, and his fingers gripping the pen turned pale, “Don’t forget, na is with Cas sius now.”

    “As long as she’s not with you, it’s fine.”

    Thaddeus felt a surge of blood, his breathing trembling.

    “Cas sius is single, na is single, an unmarried man and a divorced woman together, what’s the problem?”

    Jareth moved closer to Thaddeus and raised an eyebrow, “As for you, Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday ising soon, you’re about to marry Acacia, and you’re getting soaked in the rain outside na’s house in the middle of the night. What are you doing? Acting? You think you’re some kind of Casanova?”

    Thaddeus’s heart tightened, “I have my reasons for doing what I didst night.”

    “I don’t care what your reasons are, you’re a man with a fiancee, you shouldn’t be bothering na anymore.” Jareth was blunt.

    “I won’t go there again,” Thaddeus took a deep breath, his eyes bing icy, “But I want to remind you, if you really like her, you shouldn’t add to her troubles. The Ashbourne family all like her, they’re all looking forward to her marrying Cas sius. Your appearance might give her trouble in marrying into a wealthy family.”

    “Good Lord! The Ashbourne family is wealthy, but so is the Jareth family!” Jareth frowned, exasperated, “I’m telling you; na can’t marry Cas sius!”

    “What did you say?” Thaddeus caught the implication in his words and immediately asked, “What makes you say that?”

    “I have my reasons for saying that. The rtionship between her and Cas sius is definitely not what you imagine! I don’t think she likes Cas sius and she might just be using Cas sius to get back at you! If I were in her position, I’d also find a new lover to pi ss you off! I’d show you that I’m still a hotmodity after divorce, and there are still people pursuing me!”

    Jareth’s face involuntarily reddened, and he added, “More than one pursuer!”

    16:45

    Last night when he went home, Jareth’s mind was full of na’s words.

    “Without Thaddeus, I won’t love anyone. Without Thaddeus, I won’t love again!” Why couldn’t she love anyone else, why couldn’t she?!

    But Jareth wouldn’t reveal that to Thaddeus.

    After all, this guy was smug enough, and he couldn’t let him ride high!

    Thaddeus’s heart gave ate jolt, a pain that couldn’t be ignored surged up.

    Was that really true, na?

    Would she rather sacrifice a lifetime of happiness just to get back at him?

    The hotel business was booming, upancy rates were up by forty percentage points from before, and the restaurant was packed every day.

    The staff were all fired up, after all, Glynnis’s public apologyst time gave them a big morale boost, making them feel like they were not just lowly workers, that if they were bullied, someone would stand up for them and fight for them.

    That kind of spirit, that kind of unity, how could they not seed?

    Evadne sat leisurely in her office, looking at that month’s financial report, her heart full of joy.

    After all, only if the hotel did well could she get closer to the position of president.

    She had always been an ambitious person, once trapped in petty housework, at that point in life she was free again, she was naturally full of confidence and determination.

    “Ms, na, President Ashbourne is here,” Jason grinned as he led Cas sius in.

    “Good morning, Cas sius!”

    Like a happy child, Evadne quickly ran to Cas sius and gave him a sweet hug.

    “How have you been? Are you tired?” Cas sius gently wrapped his arm around Evadne’s waist, as intimate as a lover.

    “Not tired. If I think this amount of work is tiring, how am I going to be president?” Evadne finished and covered her mouth with a wink, “Oh no, I didn’t mean that I want you to step down from your position. If you want to continue as president, I’d be happy to be your right hand, I have no other intentions!”

    “I’m just afraid you’ll change your mind,” Cas sius yfully pinched her nose, “I’m afraid you’ll suddenly want to travel the world, then I’ll have to postpone my retirement.”

    “No, I won’t,” Evadne pursed her l*ps with some guilt, “I was too immersed in my own thoughts before, only thinking about my own happiness, not considering your feelings. won’t do it again, I’m part of the Ashbourne family, so I should take on the responsibilities of the Ashbourne family, I can’t be capricious anymore.”

    She had already paid for her stubbornness, it was toote to regret.

    Before she could finish speaking, Evadne’s phone rang on the table.

    “Hold on, I’ll take a call.”

    Evadne let go of Cas s ius’s hand and walked to the table to pick up her phone.

    It was Alva.

    She hesitated a bit before answering, “Hello, Alva.”

    “Mrs. Abernathy,” Alva called her with longing.

    “I divorced Mr. Thaddeus, you can just call me na from now on,” Evadne gently corrected her and instructed her to remember it from next time.

    “I got used to calling you, I can’t change it, sorry Ms. na.”

    “It’s okay, what’s up?”

    “I used the medicine you gave me on Mr. Thaddeus, it’s miraculous, and his headache is really gone! Mr. Thaddeus’s bruises have also faded a bit!”

    “Is that so? That’s good news,” Evadne didn’t really want to talk about Thaddeus, so she spoke softly, “Alva, I have something to do here, can I contact youter?”

    “Mrs. Abernathy!” Alva suddenly called her urgently, “Are you really believe that there’s no chance with Mr. Thaddeus anymore?!”

    Evadne calmly responded. “Yes.”

    “Since you left, the house has be a mess again. Except for me, Mr. Thaddeus has no one to care for him, he doesn’t listen when I advise him about his health.”

    “I used to advise him, but he didn’t listen either,” Evadne said softly, “You’ll have to work harder from now on.”

    “Also, no one is looking after Mari.”

    Mari.

    Evadne thought of the cute autistic girl, she was somewhat worried about her well-being.

    “Mr. Frederic is too busy, Elspeth totally doesn’t care, Glynnis has been bullying Mari, and Mari is all covered in injuries, all caused by Glynnis!”

    Alva was almost crying as she continued, “Mr. Thaddeus is always busy with work and not at home, there’s no one in the house to protect Mari! Although I feel sorry for the child, I’m just an employee in the Abernathy family, they’re the employers, what can I even say!”

    After listening, Evadne’s eyes immediately turned red, she couldn’t help but clench her fists tightly.

###Chapter 93

    Could anyone believe that Glynnis could be so heartless to her own sister, Mari? Did she have no shred of humanity left in her?!

    “Alva, I get it. But you’ve got to understand that I’m no longer Mr. Thaddeus’s wife, I’m just an outsider. I can’t get involved too much in their family matters,” Evadne was fuming but felt helpless at the same time.

    “I know, but who else can I turn to? Who else can I tell?” Alva was sobbing uncontrobly.

    “Alva, don’t be upset.”

    Seeing Alva so heartbroken, Evadne was also deeply affected. She softlyforted. “I’ll handle this. You just need to take good care of Mari. If I find an opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to help her.”

    “Thank you, Mrs. Abernathy!” Alva was profoundly grateful. After hanging up, she still couldn’t let go.

    Evadne stared at the dark screen, sighing deeply.

    “Is that Alva you’ve often mentioned?” Cas sius asked over a cup of coffee.

    “Yeah, she’s the family ser vant who took care of Thaddeus since he was a kid. She’s simple and kind-hearted. She was really nice to me when I was with the Abernathy family.” That was always Evadne’s way. She would forever remember those who were good to her; those who crossed her, she’d make sure to get even.

    “Considering Alva reached out to you, she must be in really hot water.”

    “It’s about Mari from the Abernathy family,” Evadne thought of Mari’s innocent face and felt a pang in her heart, “The girl has autism and is very introverted. Although she’s the Abernathy family’s daughter, she doesn’t get any attention from her parents and lives a careful life. When I was with the Abernathy family, I could protect her. Glynnis had some restraint out of respect for me. Now that I’m gone, Glynnis has be increasingly reckless.”

    “Even if the girl’s situation sounds pitiful, it’s still the Abernathy family’s internal affairs,” Cas sius sighed helplessly, his eyes filled with worry, “You have divorced Thaddeus. It’s better to stay out of his family’s business.”

    “I know, I’ll control myself. Speaking of which, weren’t you at thepany? What brings you here? Missing me?” Evadne walked behind Cas sius and put her arms around his n*eck naturally.

    “Of course, I miss you. But I came here because I got this in the morning. I thought I should discuss it with you.”

    Cas sius smirked and took out an invitation from his pocket.

    “This is?” Evadne was surprised.

    “Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday invitation. It was personally delivered to me by Mr. Frederic’s secretary,” Cas sius was smiling, but his tone had a deep meaning.

    “Okay, they finally dragged you into it,” Evadne sneered, seeing through the plot behind the scenes instantly, “The Abernathy group and the Ashbourne group have always been knownpetitors in the business world. They had never interacted for years, why would they suddenly send you an invitation to Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday?”

    “So, this clearly isn’t Frederic Abernathy’s idea. This invitation must’vee from someone around him.”

    Cas sius stroked his chin, contemting, “Evadne, the other side is inscrutable. I’m afraid Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday party won’t be that easy to deal with.”

    “No matter what their n is, I’m not afraid. I’m not even afraid of Thaddeus, why should I be afraid of Elspeth, a washed-up third-tier actress?” Evadne sat next to Cas sius, her red l*ps curling in a cold smile, “Everyone has their tricks, the key is whether to y them or not. If Elspeth wants topete with me, then I’ll y along.”

    “I’ve handled the invitation for you, you can pretend you never saw it and ignore it.”

    “No, I have already decided to go,” Cas sius said firmly.

    “Why?!”

    “Evadne, the Ashbourne family has never been afraid of trouble. We should be unyielding and forge ahead.” Cas sius looked at her with tender eyes, his hand on her shoulder, “I didn’t know you were wronged before and I couldn’t protect you. Now that you’re back with us, I won’t let you be wronged again.”

    “Thank you.” Evadne’s eyes welled up with tears, deeply moved.

    Cas sius sighed and pulled Evadne into his arms as he continued, “There might be unexpected situations at Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday party, you might get bullied by the Abernathy family if you were there alone. I don’t want you to face such a situation again.”

    Evadne wiped her eyes, feeling warm inside.

    Her world was never short of love.

    She was just too obsessed with making Thaddeus fall in love with her and ended up in such a mess.

    If one wanted to be liked by someone, then they must take the risk of being hurt.

    She had been hurt by Thaddeus before, it was time to let go of him.

    Time went by, and before they knew it, it was Hamiltion’s birthday.

    The Abernathy family took this birthday party very seriously.

    Frederic not only spent a fortune buying a traditional-style mansion as a birthday gift for Mr. Hamiltion but also held the party there, just to celebrate the asion.

    That day, those who came to congratte Hamiltion were all prominent figures in society, including wealthy businessmen, financial tycoons, and some old friends of Mr. Hamiltion, each an influential artist in the country.

    For that day’s birthday party, Acacia and Glynnis started picking out dresses, getting facials, and getting their nails done a week in advance.

    That didn’t look like a birthday party, more like they were gearing up for their own weddings, hoping to be the brightest star among all women attending the party.

    Unfortunately, they didn’t expect the party venue to be a traditional vi, making their fashionable dresses look out of ce. They couldn’t even find a decent spot to take pictures!

    “Glynnis, what did you get for Mr. Hamiltion?” Acacia asked curiously.

    “I got him an antique vase. Mr. Hamiltion loves antiques, he’s going to love my gift!” Glynnis said, unting her new pink diamond ring.

    “Oh, how old is the vase?”

    16:45

    “Over three hundred years!”

    “Wow, is a gift that old really suitable for Mr. Hamiltion?” Acacia blinked her meticulously painted eyes in feigned ignorance. “I heard Thaddeus bought a five-hundred-year-old antique at a charity auction for four million! He said he was going to give it to Mr. Hamiltion. Doesn’t that make your gift seem, well, less impressive?”

    Feeling belittled, Glynnis red, “Thaddeus is the CEO of the Abernathy group. Of course, his gift has to be top-notch, it’s representing thepany’s image.” “You’re right, Thad is so incredible!” Acacia said proudly.

    “Besides, I’m Mr. Hamiltion’s favorite granddaughter. He’ll appreciate anything I give him,” Glynnis snapped. “Enough about me, what did you get for Mr. Hamiltion?”

    “I got a rarity, bought it at an auction for over a million. You’ll see soon enough,” Acacia grinned, keeping the suspense.

    She actually had that much money to spare?! Didn’t Elspeth say that Acacia’s family was nearly bankrupt?!

    So, marrying Thaddeus could instantly change one’s fate, and Acacia, even before officially joining the family, was already splurging the Abernathy family’s money?

    The more Glynnis thought about it, the more upset she became, and mocked, “I’m genuinely worried for you. na should be arriving soon, right? After all, Mr. Hamiltion used to adore her. He’s bound to invite her. Won’t it be awkward when you see her?”

    “Why should I feel awkward? I’m Thaddeus’s fiancee! She’s the one who should feel awkward!” Acacia’s eyes reddened a bit, clearly agitated by her words.

    “But na hasn’t officially divorced Thaddeus yet. Though it’s only a matter of time, she still holds a higher status than you do today,” Glynnis secretly chuckled, finding Acacia’s anxious reaction satisfying, “What if Mr. Hamiltion introduces na as Mrs. Abernathy? What will you do then?”

    Acacia turned pale, full of resentment.

    “Rx, Acacia.”

    Glynnis jumped at the sudden voice, turning to see Elspeth walking over with a ** of red wine.

    Acacia quicklytched onto Elspeth’s arm, leaning on her shoulder.

    Glynnis never found Acacia annoying before, but that day, she was just intolerable!

    Elspeth was her mother, not Acacia’s! Acting as if they were mother and daughter, the nerve!

    Elspeth patted Acacia’s arm, her eyes cold, “Acacia, don’t worry, I’ve got your back. As for na, she better not start any drama!”

###Chapter 94

    “You’re a lifesaver!” Acacia was so grateful she was almost in tears.

    Suddenly, the room livened up, and all the social butterflies turned their attention to the entrance.

    Thaddeus and Jareth, two of the most sought-after bachelors, walked in together, instantly bing the center of attention.

    Their presence was like a ma, drawing all eyes to them.

    Both from the esteemed Abernathy and Jareth groups, either of them was capable of making countless women’s hearts flutter with just a nce.

    Both were dressed to the nines. Thad had chosen a sleek ck suit, radiating a powerful aura, while Jareth looked dashing and refined in his crisp white suit. “OMG. Mr. Thaddeus and Mr. Jareth are drop-dead gorgeous!”

    “I can’t believe I get to see them both at the same time! This day is totally worth it!”

    “Did you guys see Mr. Thaddeus’s long legs and that face! Is he even human? He’s like a video game character, just too perfect!”

    “And let’s not forget Mr. Jareth! That smirk of his is just to die for! I am so in love with him!”

    Glynnis was practically drooling over Jareth.

    Acacia nudged her and chuckled, “Look at how popr Mr. Jareth is! When are you going to finally make a move? I remember you’ve had a crush on him for years.”

    “What’s the rush! All good thingse to those who wait, Mr. Jareth will be mine eventually!” Glynnis grumbled.

    “Well you better hurry up! Look at those women eyeing Mr. Jareth like a piece of meat. They say the thief who doesn’t steal is the one to be afraid of. Don’t you think it’s time for you to finally make your move?”

    Glynnis gritted her teeth, annoyed at Acacia’s words.

    Her dream was to be Jareth’s woman, to be thedy of the Jareth group.

    But every time she thought of the humiliation she suffered at Jareth’s hands, she felt like digging a hole and hiding in it!

    But she wouldn’t give up that easily on her dream, or else she would never hear the end of it from Acacia!

    Just as Thaddeus and Jareth were walking towards them, all eyes turned to the entrance again.

    Under the dazzling lights, a stunning and graceful figure entered, catching everyone’s attention again.

    It was none other than Acacia’s thorn in the side, na!

    *na is excessively beautiful” Jareth murmured, unable to take his eyes off her.

    Thaddeus’s eyes darkened, and his heart started to beat faster.

    “Who’s that beauty? She’s so elegant!”

    “Is she wearing a traditional dress with rose embroidery? It’s rare to see someone pull off such a sophisticated traditional dress!”

    “And it’s not just about the dress, you have to have the b*dy for it too. She’s showcasing the beauty of the traditional dress perfectly. She could easily be a brand amba ssador!”

    Compliments were heard all around.

    That day, Evadne did not choose to wear a typical evening gown, but a custom-made traditional dress with rose embroidery.

    Her unique choice of attire made her stand out from the crowd as if she had been thedy of the manor, effortlessly outshining Acacia and Glynnis.

    “Da mn it! How did that bit ch think of wearing a traditional dress? Why didn’t I think of that!” Glynnis was seething with jealousy.

    Elspeth also looked serious.

    She too had chosen a prestigious traditional dress, believing that only such a dress could show off her beauty. But she didn’t expect to be outshone by na, which made her feel regretful

    After all, na was younger, and no matter how Elspeth dressed up, she couldn’tpete with her.

    And then, Acacia noticed that since na had entered, Thaddeus’s gaze had not left her for even a second.

    Suddenly, feelings of insecurity and anger filled her, and malicious thoughts began to form.

    “na!” Jareth waved at her with a smile.

    Evadne nodded in response, with also a smile on her face.

    Seeing Jareth being so friendly towards na, Glynnis was livid!

    As na was about to walk past Thaddeus, he suddenly reached out and caught her arm.

    “Where are you going?”

    “I don’t think I should stay by your side, Mr. Thaddeus?” Evadne slowly pulled her arm away from his grip, with a mischievous smile.

    Thaddeus was about to reply when Elspeth walked over with Acacia.

    “na, I’m so happy that you could attend this event. I thought you wouldn’t be able to make it.”

    All eyes were on them, trying to figure out the rtionship between this beauty in the traditional dress and the Abernathy group.

    “You overthought it. I wouldn’t miss it, Mr. Hamiltion was looking forward to celebrating his birthday with me and Mr. Thaddeus,” Evadne responded, calm andposed.

    Thaddeus’s gaze became more intense.

    The guests began to look at Acacia differently.

    “Didn’t they announce their engagement publicly? Even though Mr. Thaddeus hasn’t officially confirmed it, who in Elmsworth doesn’t know that Ms. Acacia is his fiancee? Thisdy’s words make Ms. Acacia sound like a third wheel.”

    “Yeah, and look at her elegance, she’s definitely from a noble family. What’s her background?”

    16:46

    “She’s even more beautiful than Ms. Acacia. She and Mr. Thaddeus look like a match made in heaven!”

    Acacia’s face fell. Was na trying to ruin her chances with Thaddeus?!

    Wasn’t she just broadcasting to everyone that na and Thaddeus were tight, and they had some serious ties with Mr. Hamiltion?

    Then what the heck did her being the fiancee of the Abernathy Group’s CEO even matter?!

    “na, we all know you are close with Mr. Hamiltion,” Elspeth smirked inwardly, but kept a kind face, “What about the President of the K Group, Ashbourne? Howe he’s not here with you? Mr. Hamiltion even sent someone to personally deliver his invitation.”

    The room gasped at her words.

    The President of the K Group? Cas sius?!

    Weren’t the Abernathy Group and the Ashbourne Group mortal enemies? Didn’t they avoid each other like the gue? How on earth would he be invited to Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday party?!

    Thaddeus knew that Elspeth was just trying to put na on the spot, and his eyes darkened.

    Just as he was about to react, Evadne coldly asked, “Your remark is really amusing. Why on earth would I have toe here with President Ashbourne?”

    “Because President Ashbourne is your boyfriend, duh,” Elspeth’s l*ps curled into a smirk as she burst the bubble. “Let me introduce to you all. This is Ms. na, Thaddeus’s ex-wife. But now, she’s the girlfriend of Mr. Cas sius, the CEO of the K Group.”

###Chapter 95

    Suddenly, the whole ce fell dead silent, then in a matter of seconds exploded in noise!

    Everyone thought they were just here for a birthday party but they didn’t expect to get that shocking news!

    Evadne’s eyes suddenly turned icy cold, but her expression remained unchanged.

    Because everything was under her control.

    On the other hand, Jareth seemed a bit nervous, trailing behind na, his big and strong figure radiating warmth that enveloped her.

    Jareth anxiously called out to her. “na.”

    “I’m fine.” Evadne turned to look at him, her eyes curved like the moon, breathtakingly beautiful.

    Jareth’s heart trembled again. Who could resist such a direct and touching smile?

    “Elspeth, today is Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday party, let’s not talk about irrelevant things. Besides, this is my private matter,” Thaddeus’s eyes were cold, filled with displeasure. “Thaddeus, don’t mind it, it’s myck of consideration, I’m sometimes too blunt,” Elspeth pretended to be ashamed andughed as she continued, “Mainly, the guests who came today don’t know na, I want to introduce her to everyone. Even if she’s left you and the Abernathy family, she was once your wife. Even if she’s from the countryside, I can’t let people look down on her.”

    What a beautiful way to put it! As if she was truly considering Evadne!

    The guests murmured among themselves, looking at Evadne withplex eyes.

    Acacia and Glynnis were overjoyed.

    In that way, not only did everyone know that Evadne was no longer part of the Abernathy family, but it also made clear her rtionship with Cas sius.

    There was no chance for Evadne to take advantage of Thaddeus again even if she wanted to!

    “Thank you for putting so much thought into your words.” Evadne smiled faintly, like a proudly blooming red rose, “I think even if I hadn’t married Thaddeus, no one would look down on me, right? Just because I’m from the countryside, should I be looked down upon? Is there such a thing in the world?”

    Thaddeus didn’t say anything, but there was a hint of anger in his eyes looking at na.

    Didn’t marrying him give her any sense of superiority?

    Evadne’s words resonated with some of the guests around.

    “Exactly, what’s wrong with being from the countryside? My elders are farmers, aren’t they now worth a fortune?”

    “Elspeth seems to be looking down on Ms. na a bit!”

    “Elspeth herself isn’t much, I remember she was a washed-up starlet, I think that’s even worse than being a farmer!”

    Elspeth’s face turned white and red in anger.

    She didn’t expect this revtion to be cleverly defused by Evadne again!

    “Well said, what’s wrong with being a country girl? I just love the in and unpretentious!” Jareth chuckled softly in Evadne’s ear, feeling secretly delighted.

    Evadne was speechless.

    Thaddeus silently watched na and Jareth’s intimate interaction, feeling irritated.

    “Thad!” Acacia walked up to Thaddeus with a cheerful smile, naturally h ooking her arm around his, “Don’t think too much, Elspeth is just thinking for Ms. na’s good, if things are made clear, Ms. na won’t feel awkward anymore, right?”

    Thaddeus looked a bit troubled, and his arm, held by his fiancee, felt a bit stiff.

    The people around them started to give offplicated looks.

    “It seems that Ms. na is indeed in an awkward situation. Since she’s already divorced from Mr. Thaddeus, it’s really inappropriate for her to attend this birthday party today, isn’t she asking for trouble?”

    “Didn’t you hear just now? Mr. Hamiltion specially invited her, even though she’s divorced, it’s enough to show her status in Mr. Hamiltion’s heart.”

    ‘I don’t think so. I think she’s here to ruin the party. I guess she can’t ept the divorce from such an excellent man like Mr. Thaddeus in her heart!”

    “na, don’t listen to their nonsense! What do they know, you’re not that kind of person at all!” Jareth frowned, wishing he could cut off the tongues of these gossipers.

    “I never take other people’s words to heart,” Evadne said lightly with a smile, showing her graceful manners.

    Just when Acacia thought she had saved the situation, a powerful voice broke through the air.

    ‘I want to see who’s giving na a hard time?!”

    Under everyone’s gaze, Mr. Hamiltion, dressed in a traditional white robe, walked out leisurely with the help of Frederic and Mr. Murray.

    Mr. Hamiltion was not in a wheelchair that day, his silver hair neatlybed, his face rosy, his back straight, showing no signs of fatigue from his long struggle with illness.

    “Mr. Hamiltion.” Evadne smiled in relief when she saw Mr. Hamiltion in good health.

    Elspeth quickly signaled Acacia with her eyes, then turned to Hamiltion, saying with a gentle smile, “Today is your birthday, and our family is rarely soplete. Acacia, aren’t you going to help Mr. Hamiltion?”

    “Mr. Hamiltion, let me help you.”

    Acacia smiled sweetly and beautifully, about to step forward, when Hamiltion at that momentughed and looked at Thaddeus and Evadne.

    “Thaddeus, na! Come, you two help me!”

    Hamiltion finished and didn’t forget to nce back at Frederic, “You move aside, you’re too slow, I like being with young people, feeling their vitality makes me feel much better!” Frederic gave a wry smile and had to let go of him.

    Acacia stopped in her tracks, her face red with embarra**ment, not knowing whether to go forward or retreat!

    16:46

    She wore an awkward smile on her face, cursing Hamiltion in her heart for not dying yet!

    Evadne’s eyes widened, instinctively looking towards Thaddeus.

    And Thaddeus was looking right back at her. Their gazes met in mid-air.

    Without hesitation, Evadne immediately averted her gaze, giving him a coldly beautiful profile.

    Thaddeus was baffled. He looked away and walked over to Mr. Hamiltion with Evadne by his side.

    Everyone was exchanging nces.

    Mr. Hamiltion’s attitude towards Ms. Acacia was intriguing!

    Elspeth was so angry that the rims of her eyes turned red. Hamiltion was not only embarra**ing Acacia, but it also felt like he was pping her in the face!

    But Elspeth had to keep smiling. After all, Hamiltion was still the only decision maker in the Abernathy group, and he still held shares in the Abernathy group. His words still had influence in the Abernathy group, she didn’t dare to offend him even lightly.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, you’re looking healthier and healthier, which is really great to see.”

    Evadne stepped forward, kindly supporting Hamiltion, her smile full of genuine joy.

    “Seeing you happy makes me feel like my illness is cured,” Hamiltion kindly looked Evadne over and nodded satisfactorily, “You look really good! My eyes have not deceived me. You look so beautiful in this traditional dress I gave you! Much better than those revealing clothes!”

    Thaddeus was stunned by his words. So, that traditional dress was a gift from Mr. Hamiltion to na!

    All the guests understood everything, and their opinions on Acacia changed.

    Turned out Mr. Hamiltion had always had his eyes on Ms. na, not Ms. Acacia.

    Even though Ms. na and Mr. Thaddeus were at that time divorced, in Mr. Hamiltion’s eyes, he still only favored Ms. na.

    Everyone’s gaze was on Acacia. The immense sense of shame made her feel like she was being crawled upon by countless tiny insects.

    “Now that everyone is here, let’s take a family picture.”

    Knowing that Mr. Hamiltion loved photography, Elspeth led the stiff Acacia forward and politely said to Evadne, “You wouldn’t mind taking a picture for us, would you?”

    “Of course not,” Evadne smiled naturally and agreed to her request.

    “na is not only my guest but also my family! How can we let family members take pictures? na, stand next to me!” Hamiltion looked at Elspeth with disgust as he warned, “Anyone who makes na unhappy makes me unhappy!”

    Elspeth bit her l*p and looked to Frederic for help.

    Frederic couldn’t bear to see Elspeth being reprimanded by Mr. Hamiltion in front of everyone, so he whispered, “Mr. Hamiltion, I know you like Ms. na, but she’s divorced from Thaddeus. Taking a family picture with us might not be appropriate.”

    “So, what if they are divorced?!” Hamiltion said angrily, “I still consider her my granddaughter! She will always be a part of the Abernathy family!”

    Seeing Mr. Hamiltion defend her like that, Evadne couldn’t help but feel touched, tears welling up in her eyes.

    That was exactly why she couldn’t cut ties with the Abernathy family. She really cherished Mr. Hamiltion.

    Acacia was so mad she almost fainted.

    Everyone was in disbelief!

    Although Ms. na was beautiful, what kind of charm did she have that made Mr. Hamiltion adore her so much?

    “Mr. Hamiltion,” Thaddeus felt ufortable when he heard that Mr. Hamiltion wanted to adopt na as his granddaughter, “Don’t put na in a difficult position. I know what you mean, but she might not be willing to ept that.”

    “Hmph, I think it’s not that she doesn’t want to, it’s you who doesn’t want to,” Hamiltion looked at Thaddeus discontentedly, “As soon as I mention adopting her as my granddaughter, you get unhappy. You’re the troublemaker!”

    Evadne was taken aback.

    Thaddeus’ handsome face was frozen in shock.

    With na’s appearance, his status in Mr. Hamiltion’s heart plummeted, like a child picked up from a garbage dump.

    Just as Evadne was caught in a dilemma, a deep but clear male voice came from outside the door.

    “Thank you, Mr. Hamiltion, for your care for na. But since she’s divorced, it might not be appropriate for na to continue being your granddaughter.”

###Chapter 96

    All the guests abruptly turned toward the source of the sound.

    Cas sius appeared, trailing behind Jason with a smirk on his face as he elegantly strolled into the lobby.

    Evadne’s eyes sparkled with delight, her heart swelling with joy!

    Thaddeus, on the other hand, felt his heart drop, his gaze instantly turning icy cold.

    All of a sudden, Evadne felt a chill in the air, as if an iceberg was standing next to her.

    She subconsciously looked at Thaddeus, whose handsome face was clouded over, his deep eyes seemingly hiding a storm. It was kind of scary.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, sorry for my tar diness.”

    Cas sius bowed politely to Hamiltion in apology. President Ashbourne looked rather unique today. Instead of a formal suit, he opted for a beautifully tailored traditional Mandarin-cored casual outfit, highlighting his refined and gentle demeanor.

    Thedies around were once again fascinated.

    Mr. Thaddeus, Mr. Jareth, President Ashbourne… they were daydreaming about who would be their hubby in their dreams tonight.

    “It’s alright, Mr. Cas sius. I’m already delighted that you could attend my birthday party,” Hamiltion replied with a friendly smile, not showing any coldness despite Cas sius being Emeric Ashbourne’s son.

    Evadne heaved a sigh of relief.

    She had initially thought that Mr. Hamiltion might mind the presence of Cas sius, but it seemed that she had overestimated it.

    “na,e here,” Cas sius smiled softly and held out his hand to na.

    Upon seeing Cas sius, Elspeth and Acacia exchanged nces and smirked triumphantly.

    They were eager to see na caught between two wealthy chaps, eventually losing her dignity and revealing her true colors to Hamiltion.

    “Sure.”

    Unexpectedly, Evadne took brisk steps without any hesitation and eagerly walked towards Cas sius.

    Elspeth and Acacia were taken aback.

    Jareth watched as the woman he loved returned to Cas sius’ side, feeling a pang of bitterness. Is this what it felt like to be a spare tire? It hurt!

    Thaddeus’s shoulders trembled slightly, he widened his eyes, and raised his arm, clutching at thin air.

    He didn’t know what he wanted to hold on to. An indescribable bitterness welled up in his heart.

    “Huh? When did na get close with Mr. Cas sius? They seem to be on good terms,” Hamiltion was puzzled.

    “Didn’t you know? na is now…”

    Just as Elspeth was about to spill the beans, Cas sius beat her to it.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, I appreciate your care for na over the past three years. She always mentioned you fondly to me, seeing you as family. I’ve taken to heart your kindness towards her.

    With that, Cas sius put his arm around Evadne’s slender waist.

    Everyone was stunned!

    They looked perfect together, just like a power couple from a TV drama.

    Thaddeus clenched his fists, feeling as if his blood had frozen.

    “But from now on, na will be by my side, under the care of the Ashbourne family. Even though she can’t be an Abernathy anymore, her feelings for you will not change,” Cas sius said with a candid smile, “Mr. Hamiltion, you’ll always be the most respected person in na’s heart.”

    Cas sius was impable in his manners, humble and polite.

    “Wait…Are you and Mr. Cas sius…” Hamiltion looked at Evadne in shock.

    “na and Mr. Cas s ius are together now,” Frederic whispered, “na has found a new love, so you should stop trying to link her with Thaddeus. A forced rtionship won’tst.” “Yes,” Elspeth chimed in. “na was taken away by Mr. Cas sius soon after leaving the Abernathy family. Obviously, there was something going on between them all along.”

    “Something going on?” Hamiltion widened his eyes.

    “Yes, how else would things progress so quickly? So I’ve been saying, there’s no need to y matchmaker for Thaddeus and na. What’s the point of a loveless marriage? Better to let them find their own happiness sooner. You won’t have to worry about na anymore. The Ashbournes are just as prestigious as the Abernathys.”

    Elspeth spoke softly but her words were sharp.

    She was eager to see how Evadne could maintain her innocent image in front of Mr. Hamiltion!

    Evadne bit her l*p, her eyes downcast.

    She had seen this daying, so even if Mr. Hamiltion med her, she was prepared for it.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, please don’t me na,” Thaddeus intervened helplessly, looking at Evadne, “She owes me nothing. Now that she’s with Mr. Cas sius, I wish her well.”

    The word “wish” was said reluctantly.

    Evadne’s pupils shrank and she could not help but look at Thaddeus in surprise. In her memory, this proud man had always called her by her full name coldly, never “na”.

    If they hadn’t divorced, she would have been delighted to hear him call her that.

    But now, she only lifted her l*ps in disdain, feeling rather ufortable.

    “Whatever! Like your blessing matters? Could you win na back if I asked you to?” Hamiltion snapped, giving Thaddeus a couple of smacks. “Is it na’s fault she’s with someone else? Isn’t it all on you?! You don’t have the chops like Mr. Cas sius to snag such a great wife!”

    16:46

    Hearing this, everyone was gobsmacked.

    Elspeth and Acacia turned ashen, no amount of makeup could hide itt

    It was at this moment that they realized something.

    It was impossible to get anything from Hamiltion! His infatuation with na was off the chartst

    Thaddeus was fuming after the scolding, but he bit the bullet and said, “As long as you’re not mad at her, that’s all that matters

    “Why would I be mad at na? I don’t have enough time to love her! na,e here. Mr. Cas sius, you too!

    na and Cas sius exchanged a nce and then walked over to Mr. Hamillion.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, I’m sorry, I didn’t tell you…” Evadne said, her l*p trembling.

    “Don’t sweat it! I don’t mind. I just want you to be happy,” Hamittion said warmly, looking at her. Then he turned to Cas sins with a slentere, “1/ Cas sius, 790e from a good family with lots of siblings. You have to promise me, you must take care ofna and never let her be treated unfairly in the Astboerns tamaly Otherwise, 1 doftowev you are, I will personally stand up for na.”

    Cas sius looked at na thoughtfully, remembering when she used to ride Arnold Ashbourne like a horse and draw clouds on Elvis Waverley’s fare, he couldn’t help b “Alright, I promise.”

    Although Hamiltion was old, his gaze was still sharp. He saw the love in Cas sius’ eyes.

    Mr. Hamiltion heaved a sigh of relief and said reluctantly, “Mr. Cas sius, I’m entrusting na to you. I hope you can do what Thaddeus couldn’t love her well

    Thaddeus’ face suddenly turned pale, as if he had been struck by lightning,

    “I will.”

    Cas sius replied softly, his eyes full of determination.

    Thaddeus took a deep breath, his eyes glued to na, who was standing next to Cas sius,

    The woman who used to be his.

    Thaddeus felt as if his soul had been temporarily ripped from his b*dy, his eyes welling up with tears.

###Chapter 97

    A flood of shame was raging against Thaddeus. Jareth was watching all this, his heart aching.

    His opponent was too strong. What should he do? He’s desperate for an answer!

    Evadne gratefully said, “Mr. Hamiltion, thank you for your kindness…”

    “Alright, it’s your birthday today, let’s not talk about unpleasant things.” Frederic rushed forward with a smile, “Let’s see the birthday gifts the kids have prepared for you? After the gifts, we can start the party, we shouldn’t keep the guests waiting too long.”

    “Yes! Let’s open the gifts, open the gifts!” Hamiltion rubbed his hands together with childlike anticipation.

    What a cute old man!

    Firstly, Jareth and other guests who have a close rtionship with the Abernathy family present their birthday gifts. Hamiltion nodded frequently in thanks, epting them one

    by one.

    Jareth stood in front of Hamiltion, bowed gracefully, and said with a smile, “Thad and I are like brothers, so if you’re Thad’s grandpa, then you’re my grandpa! I wish you a happy birthday, and may you be as happy every year as you are today!”

    “Good boy! Thank you!” Hamiltion couldn’t stop smiling.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, happy birthday!” Glynnis walked over with a shy look on her face, standing next to Jareth as if she wanted to stand with him, “I know you like antiques, here’s my birthday gift for you!”

    As she spoke, she purposely leaned towards Jareth.

    However, Jareth didn’t even nce at her, he just dodged her.

    Glynnis almost fell over, her b*dy swaying for a few moments before she regained her bnce!

    How embarra**ing, there were already peopleughing quietly.

    Glynnis was so embarra**ed she could cry, cursing those whoughed at her in her heart.

    At this moment, a ser vant brought up the antique vase Glynnis had prepared.

    Hamiltion nodded with a smile, “Hmm! Very good, thank you!”

    Glynnis’ l*ps curled involuntarily in triumph.”Mr. Hamiltion, this is Mari’s birthday gift for you. Please have a look.”

    At this time, Mr. Murray walked over, holding a rolled up piece of white paper tied with a beautiful silk bow.

    “Is it from Mari? Let me see it quickly!”

    Hamiltion unrolled the paper and looked at it, surprised at first, then burst outughing, “Is this me? Did Mari draw me? She’s very good at drawing! Mari is such a talented girl! Ha-ha!”

    Seeing Mr. Hamiltionughing happily, everyone crowded around to see what it was.

    Completely ignoring Glynnis who was just showing off.

    On the paper was a drawing of an old man in a long robe,ughing with his face lifted, every wrinkle meticulously drawn.

    There were also two lines of neat words at the bottom – Wishing Mr. Hamiltion a happy birthday, always beughing. Mari. “Look at the picture Mari drew, does it look like me? Mari is so talented in drawing!” Hamiltion praised proudly.

    “Jareth, look, Mari’s drawing is really good, it has an artist’s touch!”

    Jareth thought of the lovely Mari, his eyes filled with a gentle smile.

    Hearing this, Glynnis’ face stiffened, and she felt like she had been hit hard.

    “Although Mari’s drawing is somewhat immature, I believe that with time, she will definitely make a name for herself in the art world.” Thaddeus praised.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, Mari has a talent for drawing, she has always wanted to go to art school to study fine arts.” Evadne seized the opportunity to speak for Mari, “You see, even Thaddeus praised Mari, which shows that she really has talent. We should let her go to art school to develop her talent. I believe that in less than five years, the Abernathy family will have a brilliant female artist.”

    Thaddeus frowned, feeling that Evadne seemed to be using him.

    “Don’t you and Elspeth care about Mari at all? Mari is so talented, you should train her!” Hamiltion said.

    “Yes, you’re right…”

    Frederic and Elspeth could only agree with bitter smiles.

    “I really like the gift Mari gave me, where is she? I want to see her.” Hamiltion asked with a kind smile.

    “Mari isn’t feeling well, so she hasn’te down yet, she’lle to see youter.” Mr. Murray answered gently.

    “Ah…” Hamiltion sighed with concern, “Mr. Murray, have this picture framedter and hang it in my study, I want to see it all the time.”

    Seeing Mr. Hamiltion value Mari’s gift so much, Glynnis was so angry her eyes turned red.

    She had originally thought that Mari didn’t have much pocket money, so she wouldn’t be able to buy a good gift. But Mari gave a painting and even got praised by Mr. Hamiltion. The antique vase she bought with so much money wasn’t even as good as Mari’s painting.

    Mari, just you wait and see!

    On the other side, Acacia paced anxiously in the corridor, calling for Elspeth.

    “Elspeth, what should we do?” Acacia was so anxious her face turned red, “Our n has no effect, instead it made Thaddeus and na’s rtionship stronger!”

    “I didn’t expect this either.” Elspeth squinted her eyes. “Acacia, it seems we have to take more drastic measures.”

    “Do we start now?” Acacia gritted her teeth, her eyes cold.

    “No, let’s wait a bit longer.” Elspeth lightly patted her shoulder and smirked, “We have another important guesting soon. I got plenty of tricks up my sleeve to make a

    16:46

    laughing stock out of na and ruin her reputation,”

    The gift-giving session was still in progress.

    When the exquisite antique violin presented by Thaddeus made its appearance, it caused a minor uproar!

    There were quite a few of Mr. Hamiltion’s friends from the antique appraisal world present, all eager to get a closer look and admire the beauty of this violin.

    But Hamiltion clung to the box, fearful that these shaky old folks might identally harm his treasure!

    “This is a gift from Thaddeus, hands off everyone!”

    Everyone burst intoughter, and even Evadne couldn’t help but cover her mouth and chuckle.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, this antique violin was donated by Suri of the K Group at a charity auction. I thought it was quite rare, so I bought it. If you like it, then it’s all the better.” Thaddeus felt the need to exin the origin of the gift to Cas sius.

    “It must be from Chairman Emeric’s private collection! Chairman Emeric’s antique collection is unmatched in all of Elmsworth!” Hamiltion caressed the box and sighed.

    “If Chairman Emeric knew that his collection was appreciated by Mr. Hamiltion, he would be very pleased.” Cas sius said, with a warm smile in his eyes. Cas sius was that kind of person, a peacemaker, calm and humble, able to defuse conflicts no matter the situation.

    “Mr. Hamiltion, this is my birthday gift for you!” Acacia’s sweet voice suddenly rang out.

    Everyone’s attention was naturally drawn to her, but there was a hint of disdain.

    After all, everyone could see that Mr. Hamiltion didn’t care for Ms. Acacia at all. Her attempt to enter the Abernathy family wasn’t going to be easy.

    “Acacia has put a lot of thought into her gift. Knowing that you like traditional style paintings, she specifically bought a real piece by a famous artist at an auction for you.” Frederic grinned as he set the stage for Acacia.

    After all, Acacia was Elspeth’s niece, he had to lend her a hand.

    “Oh? A real piece? That’s interesting.” Hamiltion’s eyes lit up, looking very excited.

    Acacia had someone bring over the painting box, even making sure they wore gloves, carefully unrolling the painting in front of everyone.

    A few of the antique lovers crowded around.

    But the next second, Hamiltion’s face dimmed a bit, calmly saying, “Thank you for your thoughtfulness.”

    At this moment, a skeptical voice came from the crowd, “… is this painting really a real piece? Could it be a knockoff?”

###Chapter 98

    “Are you kidding me!” Acacia was angry, her smile stiffening. “I bought this painting from the auction at the Jareth group. How could it be fake?!”

    This implicated that the Jareth Group had been dragged into it.

    Jareth couldn’t help but sneer, “Ms. Acacia, you seem to be unfamiliar with auctions, aren’t you? Parkray Auction, under the Jareth group, is thergest in the country. The items auctioned go through strict evaluations, there’s no way a forgery would sl*p through. You may not know much about art, but don’t try to tarnish the reputation of the Jareth group.”

    Thaddeus’s gaze darkened.

    He remembered at the charity auction, when na persuaded Acacia to buy this fake painting for ten times its price, her l*ps curving up slightly in a mysterious smile.

    Could it be that na foresaw Acacia gifting this painting to Mr. Hamilton?

    Was this a coincidence, or was na setting a trap for Acacia from the start?

    “Ms. Acacia, there’s a difference between a forgery and a replica.” An art expert stepped up to defend the Jareth group, “Some paintings may be replicas, but they’re original works. For example, many artists copy famous paintings. You can’t say those are forgeries, right? If a replica is expertly made and looks very real, that’s also very difficult, so top-quality replicas can also fetch high prices. However… yours is a little sub-par, otherwise I wouldn’t have noticed the issue right away.”

    “It can’t be a replica… How can it be a replica?! I bought this for a million from Parkray Auction!”

    Acacia’s face paled in panic!

    A million! How could she have spent so much money on a fake? Was she an idiot?

    Laughter broke out around her.

    Glynnis had to cover her mouth to prevent herself fromughing out loud.

    What a spectacle!

    “A million? This painting is worth about a hundred thousand at most. You’ve really made a significant contribution to charity by buying it at such a high price.”

    Acacia felt like the room was spinning.

    Elspeth was so embarra**ed she turned away, having no intention of defending the hapless Ms. Acacia.

    “Never mind the value, this is a gift from Ms. Acacia.” Hamilton may not think highly of Acacia, but he was an elder, and wouldn’t nitpick over a painting. “Mr. Murray, take the painting.”

    Suddenly, Acacia’s eyes welled up with tears. She turned to Evadne and asked angrily, “na! What grudge do you have against me? Why are you doing this to me?!”

    From the start of the birthday party, she had been ridiculed and mistreated. Now, she couldn’t hold back anymore.

    Everyone turned to look at Evadne in surprise.

    Evadne frowned and blinked innocently, “I’m hurting you? Ms. Acacia, what are you talking about? I really have no idea what you mean.”

    Cas sius and Jareth were both shocked.

    Was this the proverbial fighting fire with fire?

    “It’s your trap! Otherwise, how could I have bought this replica for a million? It’s all your fault!” Acacia pointed at Evadne’s innocent face, her voice h oa rse from yelling, “I may not know how to identify art, but you must’ve known there was something wrong with this painting! Even so, you inted the price and made me buy it! How could you?!”

    Thaddeus’s l*ps were pressed together in a thin line, his cold gaze fixed on Evadne, his eyes full of ice.

    “What are you talking about? When did I ever persuade you?” Evadne looked genuinely innocent, as if she were the one who was scared.

    “Ms. Acacia, auctions are public. Everyone can bid freely. Could na force you to buy it if you didn’t want to? Wasn’t it all your own doing?”

    Cas sius quickly stepped in to protect Evadne, with a hint of mischief in his smile.

    “When na saw I wanted the painting, she deliberately bid against me! Every time I bid, she followed! She forced the price from a hundred thousand to nine hundred thousand! And when I bid a million, she suddenly stopped. Isn’t this behavior meant to trick me into buying the fake at a high price?!” Acacia demanded angrily.

    “Ms. Acacia, you need to understand, this isn’t a forgery, it’s a replica, there’s a difference!” Jareth couldn’t help but interject.

    “If na really wanted the painting, why didn’t she bid against me? She just wanted to set me up!” Acacia was frustrated.

    The crowd’s expressions became moreplicated.

    “Could it be that Ms. na is trying to get back at Ms. Acacia because she can’t get over her divorce from Mr. Thaddeus?”

    “That’s unlikely. They’re already divorced, what’s the point? It’ll just make Ms. na look petty.”

    “How is there no point? That’s Mr. Thaddeus, a real catch! Ms. na must be heartbroken to have lost him!”

    “Appearances are deceiving! Women, even the smart ones, only y petty tricks on men!”

    The surrounding criticism made Acacia feel very satisfied!

    “Ms. na, did you really do this?” Frederic frowned, looking seriously at Evadne.

    Hamilton looked at Evadne, also waiting for her answer.

    ‘Ms. Acacia, you’ve totally got me wrong.” Evadne stepped forward, her already beautiful face full of hurt, making her look even more pitiful. “I was the first to bid on that painting. You only started bidding after you saw me. I love the painting and wanted to contribute to charity, so I bid high from the beginning to secure it. Mr. Thaddeus and Mr. Jareth, who were there, can testify to this for me.”

    Talk about a plot twist!

    “na, you…” Acacia was too livid to speak.

    “I can vouch for that!” Jareth jumped in to defend hisdy love. “It was indeed Ms. na who bid first, then Ms. Acacia followed suit. Ms. na intended to buy the painting, so it should belong to her.”

    16:46

    Thaddeus shot Jareth a chilling nce.

    This guy’s everywhere!

    “I nned to buy the painting to keep it, as I have the original in my study at home. I love it so much that even a replica would do. Every time I look at it, it reminds me of the times spent with my family.”

    Evadne bit her l*p and lowered her head in resignation, “True, Ms. Acacia also wanted the painting. We had several rounds of bidding, but in the end, I decided to stick to my principle of not sna tching others’ things and gave up… I don’t understand what I did wrong, Ms. Acacia. Why do you question me like this… If you feel wronged, I can pay for the painting to make up for your loss.”

    The situation changed in an instant! Evadne’s eyes were clear as water, shimmering as if holding back tears. Her performance was convincing!

    Thaddeus watched her bright eyes quietly, feeling a chill in his heart.

    He just watched her, watched her put on a show!

    “What are you talking about.” Acacia’s face was so red it looked like it was about to explode.

    Elspeth rushed over and gave Acacia a pinch. The pain made Acacia speechless, almost causing a scene!

    “Haha… It’s all a misunderstanding. Mr. Hamiltion, Acacia rarely goes out and seldom attends such events. She just followed others to bid. She just wanted to show her filial piety to you…” Elspeth shot Acacia a stern look, “Mrs. Stirling just called you about an urgent matter. Call her back now, don’t keep her waiting, hurry.”

    Acacia gritted her teeth and beat a hasty retreat.

    After a moment of silence, Hamiltion took Evadne’s hand and said, “If you like the painting. Just tell me. How could I not give you what you want? I’d give you anything as long as you like it!”

    “Thank you, Mr. Hamiltion, your love is more than enough. I want for nothing, need nothing.” Evadne gently squeezed Mr. Hamiltion’s hand and smiled sweetly.

    Now everyone finally understood.

    Mr. Thaddeus did divorce Ms. na.

    But it seems they’re not entirely out of each other’s lives!

    As for Ms. Acacia, it seems her hopes have been dashed!

###Chapter 99

    Finally, Evadne presented her gift to Mr. Hamiltion.

    When the prestigious Dante Chair was brought out, all the antique enthusiasts in the ce were ecstatic.

    “Wow! Now that’s a real gem!”

    “I’m totally h ooked! Wish I could touch it!”

    “Among all the gifts Mr. Hamiltion received today, besides the antique violin from Mr. Thaddeus, this chair is the most valuable!”

    “Who exactly is this, Ms. na? Shelling out for some high-priced antique furniture right off the bat? Seems like Mr. Thaddeus’ ex-wife wasn’t exactly scraping by!” Thaddeus’ heart was racing, his gaze fixated on na.

    He didn’t expect na to gift Mr. Hamiltion the item she bought at the Ashbourne group auction that was worth 10 million!

    It seemed like the Ashbourne group really treated her like a princess.

    However, what Evadne said next almost made him choke.

    “Mr. Hamittion, this was a gift from President Ashbourne and me. Wishing you health and happiness, may your joy be endless.” Evadne’s eyes shone brightly, cheerfully congratting Mr. Hamiltion.

    Cas ius bowed, his words eloquent and gentle, “Mr. Hamiltion, I wish you health and happiness. May your joy be endless.”

    They stood together, dignified and valuable, truly a match made in heaven!

    Thaddeus felt his heart pound in his chest. He subconsciously touched his heart, quick as a sh, terrified someone might notice.

    “Ah, this gift was too valuable. I’m really grateful!” Hamiltion was thankful but still said, “na, whatever you gave me, I’ll love. You really don’t have to go to such lengths, Mr. Cas sius. You’re too kind.”

    Cas siusughed and replied, “When na and I picked out the gift, we just wanted to make you happy.”

    “Mr. Hamiltion, just ept it. Ms. na is expressing her feelings through the gift.” Glynnis sneered, “But this way of gifting sure is convenient, without having to prepare anything herself and still getting everyone’s praise. Ms. na sure knows how to live, quite thrifty.”

    Evadne raised an eyebrow, calmly saying, “I wouldn’t dare reap such a huge benefit, so I prepared a small gift for Mr. Hamiltion as well. It just paled inparison to President Ashbourne’s gift.”

    Glynnis’ eyes widened. This woman actually had a backup gift?

    “Oh? na, what else did you prepare for me? Show me quickly!” Hamiltion immediately lit up.

    Evadne’s eyes twin kled with a mysterious light, and then she pped her hands.

    Soon, Jason, dressed in a suit, walked in, holding a ** box.

    And protected inside the box was an incredible scene carved from top-notch coloured gemstones. The hills and stones seemed so lifelike, a sight for sore eyes!

    “It’s so beautiful!” Everyone couldn’t help but exim.

    The exquisite carving deeply attracted Thaddeus and Jareth. Just how skilled must one be to carve such a perfect piece!

    “Ah, this is?” Hamiltion’s eyes lit up, pointing at the carving with shaking fingers, “Isn’t this Patrick’s work, Eternal H orizon? na, where did you get this?”

    Patrick?! The internationally renownedte master sculptor? His works were so hard to get!

    “Mr. Hamiltion, you tter me. I don’t have the opportunity to get Mr. Patrick’s Eternal H orizon.” Evadne scratched her head shyly, cheeks flushed, “This is my imitation: Transient H orizon. I put a lot of effort into it, but it still falls shortpared to Mr. Patrick’s work. It’s just a bit of practice.”

    Everyone stared at this beautiful girl in surprise.

    Practice?! That must be some high-level skill!

    Only a very skilled carver could engrave thousands of scenes onto a gemstone. This delicate and elegant craftsmanship, from afar, one might even mistake it for Patrick’s Eternal H orizon!

    This girl was really talented.

    Who was she exactly? Could she be Patrick’s disciple?!

    Everyone looked at Evadne with admiration and respect.

    Only Elspeth and Glynnis looked as if they had swallowed a bitter pill.

    This woman, ever since leaving the Abernathy family, had be so different. She really kept them on their toes!

    “na, my na, you really are my treasure!” Hamiltionughed happily, holding on to Evadne’s hand without wanting to let go.

    “To have such a wife, what more could I ask for.” Jareth stared at her, sighing.

    Thaddeus couldn’t help but re at him coldly, his eyes full of frost.

    He looked at na, who was admired like a star by everyone, feeling that her world was so far from his, but he was her husband!

    Shock, anger, unwillingness, various emotions tangled in Thaddeus’ heart.

    He was fooled, once again fooled by this woman!

    Mr. Hamilton’s birthday banquet continued among everyone’sughter and chatter.

    Evadne wanted to go to the restroom to touch up her makeup, so she temporarily left Mr. Hamiltion’s side.

    Along the way, she thought about all the lowly and despicable traps Acacia and Elspeth had set for her from the start. She found it hrious.

    They all had plenty of experience but still tried to outsmart her, truly overestimating themselves.

    She had already predicted where they would attack her, but no matter how thorough their ns were, they overlooked one thing: Mr. Hamiltion’s genuine love for her.

    16:46

    Love was a fortress that schemes and plots could never conquer.

    Evadne knew that if Cas sius were the one presenting the gift, giving Dante Chair would be a no-go. So, she whipped out the piece she had carved half a month ago to present to Mr. Hamiltion.

    The reason she had such mad skills was that she grew up watching Mr. Louis craft masterpieces out of stone piles.

    By that logic, Mr. Patrick could be considered her teacher’s teacher.

    The vi’s corridor was long and winding. Being her first time here, Evadne easily got lost.

    Just then, a chubby cat strolled past her.

    “Hey, kitty, where are you heading?”

    The cat brightened Evadne’s mood instantly. She chuckled and ran after it.

    She was close to catching up when her traditional dress was tight, and her high heels sl*pped on the cobblestones. She stumbled forward a few steps.

    And right in front of her were stairs!

    “Ah!”

    Evadne shrieked, closing her eyes tight.

    Suddenly, a pair of strong arms enveloped her from behind.

    Those powerful arms immediately calmed her.

    Then she felt her b*dy being gently lifted and pressed against a familiar “human wall.”

    “Meow!”

    The cat perched on the decorative mountain looked at Evadne, let out a meow, and vanished.

    Evadne slowly opened her eyes but didn’t dare to turn around. She just took calming breaths.

    Thaddeus could clearly feel her back pressed against his chest.

    His heartbeat started to race.

    “Let me go. Do you n on holding me forever?” Evadne bit her l*p and started to struggle.

    Thaddeus’ gaze was deep. His hand gently brushed her waist before releasing her.

    “Do you think I want this? I just didn’t want you to fall.” His tone was icy.

    “Don’t think I’ll be grateful.” Evadne steadied herself against a pir, turned around, and red at him coldly. “I’d rather get hurt than let you take advantage of me.”

    In the setting sun, her face was incredibly captivating.

    “I took advantage of you?” Thaddeus paused to catch his breath, and then his l*ps curled into a smirk. “If I wanted to take advantage of you, would I have waited until now?”

    “Thaddeus!” Evadne’s eyes widened.

    “Weren’t you the one who always let me take advantage in the past?” Thaddeus’ gaze was cold. “We may be divorced, but I haven’t forgotten the past.”

    From the beginning of the party until now, the shock she had given him had made him extremely agitated.

    If things continued this way, he might fall ill..

    Evadne’s mood took a nosedive. She felt ashamed.

    “Oh, so what’s your deal now? The thing you could have had but didn’t appreciate, and now that you’ve lost it, you’re regretting it?”

    “na?”

    “Mr. Frederic, you’ve missed the boat. The things I once wanted to give you, you didn’t want it. And if you want them in the future, tough luck!”

    Thaddeus’ eyes immediately turned red. He suddenly grabbed her wrist and forcefully pinned her against the pir!

###Chapter 100

    “Ouch!” Evadne crashed hard against the pir, a painful grunt escaping her l*ps. “Thaddeus! What the hell are you doing?”

    Thaddeus was fuming, his orip on her wrist tight as if afraid she would run.

    Their breaths intermingled, their gazed fiercely entangled.

    “You’ve lied to me repeatedly, Hana, do you think anyone wouldn’t get pis sed?” Thaddeus stared at her, his voice so h oa rse it was barely audible.

    “What did I lie to you about?” Evadne strugated, her eyes suddenly brimming with tears. “You know nothing about me because you never cared. For the past three years. I would’ve told you anything you asked, but did you ever care?!”

    Thaddeus frowned, his heart pounding relentlessly in his chest.

    “Do you know what I like to eat? Do you know my hobbies, my favourite songs, my favorite ces? I’m your wife. I know everything about you, but you know nothing about me. Now, don’t you think you’re a joke? Isn’t all this your own doing?!”

    Evadine’s eyes were like daggers, piercing into Thaddeus’s, ripping apart his cold facade.

    “Thaddeus, I’ve been like a dusty book on your shelf for the past three years. Every day, I hoped you’d pick me up. Even if it were just a nce, I would’ve told you everything. But I waited three years, and all I got was your abandonment.”

    Thaddeus’s eyshes trembled, his handsome face drained of colour, his heart aching as if being clenched.

    Yes, he had abandoned her.

    He still remembered how helpless and heartbroken she was when he forced her to sign the divorce agreement.

    She was so reluctant at first. Why can sheugh now?!

    “Luckily, your indifference drove me from disappointment to despair. I have no more expectations and no more desire to share anything with you. Now, I have absolutely no interest in you.”

    Evadne’s eyes were bloodshot, but her smile was still captivating.

    Thaddeus felt as if he had been hit in his most vulnerable spot, the pain spreading rapidly throughout his b*dy.

    “na, have you really let me go? Are you lying to yourself?”

    “Lying to myself? Sorry, I don’t have that kind of time!”

    “Do you really like Cas sius?” Thaddeus blurted out.

    “Absolutely!” Evadne said without hesitation.

    “No, you don’t like Cas sius, and you’re just with him to get back at me, to make me mad about our divorce!”

    Thaddeus took a deep breath, leaning closer to her beautiful face, their noses brushing unintentionally.

    Evadne quickly averted her eyes, trying to escape his heated breath.

    “You’re delusional! Go see a doctor and stop bothering me!”

    But Thaddeus grabbed her chin, forcing her to look at him.

    “na, do you hate me that much? You’d rather be with someone you don’t love just to hurt me?”

    “Hurt you? I’m pretty da mn pleased.” Evadne smirked, her l*ps curving enticingly. “I’m happy every day being with Cas sius. With you, it felt like a prison sentence. Do you think you’re worth my revenge? To get back at you, I feel like I’m lowering my standards and wasting my time!”

    “You’re shameless, so vain! Why didn’t I see your true colours sooner?” Thaddeus gritted his teeth, his heart aching. “Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life!”

    In an instant, Evadne’s pupils contracted, and her b*dy went rigid.

    She was his biggest mistake.

    She had loved him with all her heart for thirteen years and got nothing in return. Instead, she became a stain on his life.

    Evadne, why were you so unlucky? Why were you so pitiful?

    Watching her eyes moisten with tears, Thaddeus went pale and quickly let go of her hand.

    He realized he had spoken too harshly, too ruthlessly.

    He didn’t mean to say those things, but he couldn’t help letting them sl*p.

    If he really meant it, then so be it.

    But he was clearly saying one thing and meaning another.

    “Mr. Frederic? Ms. na?!”

    At this moment, Mr. Murray hurried over and bumped into them.

    Evadne quickly moved away from Thaddeus and forced a smile, “Mr. Murray, weren’t you with Mr. Hamiltion in the front hall? What brings you here?”

    Mr. Murray sensed the strange atmosphere but didn’tment. He just anxiously said. “There’s a problem at the birthday party. I need to handle it urgently.”

    “What happened?” Evadne asked.

    “Mr. Frederic knew that Mr. Hamiltion enjoys music, so he paid a pretty penny to get a famous singer to perform at Mr. Hamiltion’s birthday. But the singer suddenly fell ill, and his apprentice just told me that he’s vomiting, has diarrhea and a fever, he can’t perform!”

    Mr. Murray was in a frenzy. “What are we going to do now? The stage was set for the singer’s performance. If he can’t perform, won’t it disappoint Mr. Hamiltion and make us aughingstock?”

    “That won’t happen.” Evadne frowned, but then she smiled confidently, “Don’t worry, as long as I’m here, nob*dy willugh at us.”

    Thaddeus was taken aback and deeply touched.

    16:46

    Even though they were no longer husband and wife, when the Abernathy family faced a problem, she still stepped up just like before, ready to solve it.

    All for Mr. Hamiltion to have a birthday without regrets.

    Hearing her words, Mr. Murray’s face lit up. “You have a solution?”

    “Mr. Murray, where can I find the backstage? Can you show me the way?”

    After finishing her words, Evadne left Thaddeus and quickly went with Mr. Murray.

    Watching her gentle figure leaving. Thaddeus felt a sense of loss.

    His hand involuntarily clenched into a fist.

    Thinking of her rosy eyes, he found it hard to breathe.

    The backyard.

    Blooming flowers surrounded the stage, and the people below it was full of joy.

    Hamiltion enjoyed the hustle and bustle, so he not only invited Glynnis but also invited Cas sius and Jareth to sit beside his table. The table was quickly filled with people.

    Only Acacia was arranged to sit in the guest seats.

    This was another way to tell her and everyone else that she was not a part of the Abernathy family.

    Acacia was furious, she sat there grinding her teeth, but no one paid any attention to her.

    At this moment, her phone vibrated. Elspeth had sent a message.

    [Opportunities need to be seized. If you just sit and wait for death, you’ll always be aughing stock!]

    Laughing stock? No way, she didn’t want to be one!

    Acacia gripped her phone tightly, her eyes filled with determination.

    The insults she suffered tonight, she would make na pay a thousand times!

    “Where’s Thaddeus? Where’s na?” Hamiltion looked around, but he didn’t see them.

    Thaddeus walked over and sat down next to Jareth with a gloomy face.

    Jareth shivered; he felt this man was too cold.

    “Thaddeus, where’s na?” Hamiltion asked with a frown, “She’s gone missing. Aren’t you going to look for her? You really don’t care!”

    Thaddeus remained silent, his mind in turmoil.

    “I think na might be lost since it’s her first time here. I’ll go find her,” said Cas sius.

    Just as Cas sius was about to stand up, Thaddeus said coldly. “There’s no need. It’s your first time here, too, so you might not be able to find her. Besides, I know where she went. You don’t need to worry.”

    Jareth was stunned, and his wine almost sl*pped from his hand. He thought to himself, things were moving fast!

    Thaddeus and Cas sius, two equally outstanding men, were clearly not arguing openly, but they were alreadypeting behind the scenes!

    Cas sius squinted his eyes, a sh of coldness in his gaze.

    Just then, the performance began, and the curtain on the stage was drawn.

    Theughter below gradually faded, and all eyes were focused on the stage.

    At this moment, a woman in a sky-blue long dress adorned with pearls stood in the middle, her figure graceful and enchanting.

    Thaddeus looked at the figure on the stage, finding it very familiar.

    Mr. Murray quietly returned to Hamiltion’s side.

    “The performance has started. Why can’t I see na?” Though Hamiltion loved music, he didn’t feel interested without na present.

    “Ms. na is here.” Mr. Murray pointed to the stage with a smile, “Look, isn’t that her?”

    Everyone was stunned.

    Thaddeus suddenly stood up, surprising everyone!

    His chest was heaving, and he could only stare at the beauty on stage, his heart pounding as if he had been shocked by electricity!
