###Chapter 1

KESKA: "James, Jessie, Lissa. Liam! Come on let's go! wve're going to be late!" mom yelled. Leaving me out of the mix again. My name is Keska. I'm the middle child in the Alpha family, stuck between two sets of twins.


Today is our cousin Adrian's swearing-in ceremony, as he has found his mate, he will be taking over Moon Rise pack from Uncle Asa and Aunt Gina.


I learned rather quickly after Lissa and Liam turned five that I needed to pay attention, or I would get left behind and left out of family functions.Sometimes I wouldn't mind, but not today, so when mom yelled for them,I made sure I was ready to go. I was not going to miss Adrian's ceremony.


I was the first one downstairs, while the other four took their sweet time,I used it to grab snacks and water for the trip. It was a two-and-a-half-hour drive from our pack, Blue Crescent, to Moon Rise. I headed out the door.there were three big black SUVs in front of the pack house. They all had dark-tinted windows and were the ones that had three rows of seats.


Heading to the last one in line, I got in the very back and waited for the rest of the family to get loaded. Why the last one? because none of the twins wanted to sit with me, so it was just easier and less time consuming if I just was in a different vehicle all together, and taking the last one they wouldn't see me and complain "How come she gets to be first!" so the last one,it is.


The first SUV was all warriors, eight in the first SUV, then two warriors and the family, Father, Lissa, Mom, James, Liam, Jessie. So, no room for me anyway. In the last, seven more warriors and me.


It was close to 9:0'clock by the time we drove out of the pack's gates. I
linked my only friend, Mackie, to remind her about what today was.Mackie, short for Mackenzie. *"Mackie, remember I have Adrian's ceremony today. so I won't be around till late."*


MACKIE: *"Shit I did forget, now what am I going to do all day? I was hoping that we could get some practice time in on the range."* She linked me back.


KESKA: *"Sorry, girlfriend. I promise we will get some time tomorrow for the range, and maybe get in some Aikido work in as well. I just can't miss Adrian's ceremony."* I linked back.

MACKIE: *"Yeah, I know, hope you at least have some fun."* she sent.


KESKA: *"Thanks,hey maybe you could go bake cookies with Nana Lilly,she is always up for company, and just think of all the cookies you will be able to eat."*


I sent her. *"Just save me some."*

MACKIE: *"You know, I mnight just do that, and I'll think about saving you some."*


She shot back to me.


KESKA: *"Hey, not fair, I really do need to be there."* I replied, I closed the link after we went through the gates, and just sat back and watched the scenery go by. Most of it was forest, and there was a small lake, there were pines, birch, and oaks that surrounded our pack, and we used it to hunt and run in. Our pack had about fifteen hundred pack members,so not the smallest, nor the biggest, but we were one of the strongest.


KESKA: About an hour or so into the trip, I passed out the snacks and water I had brought to the guys I was riding with. "Anyone want water or
a granola bar?" I had just asked when my phone pinged.

KESKA: It was odd, as no one but MMackie called or texted me, and as I had linked her as we were leaving, she already knew.so thinking it was a wrong number I ignored it. But it pinged again, so I checked it.

From Jessie:(x2)Will You!! Tell your friend Seth to leave me alone!!!(angry emoji)


KESKA: After reading her text. I chuckled. So, she either forgot to tell him or just didn't tell him that we were going to be gone today. Ha!


From Keska: I'm sorry. I don't know who you're talking about. (confused emoji) I sent back to her. But I knew exactly who she meant. Seth Harpper.
right forward guard for our hockey team, the Blue Howlers. which was the mascot for all our sports teams. and my second X best friend. Ha! My phone pinged again.


From Jessie: YOU know exactly who I mean (angry emoji) he's your stupid friend!!!


KESKA: I couldn't help but laugh out loud at that. wonder what Seth would say if he knew that's what she really thought of him.


"What's so funny?" Frank the warrior, driving us, asked.


KESKA: "Jessie," I say, "She thinks that I have control over her boy toy flavor of the quarter, just because we used to talk." That got a chuckle out of the guys I was riding with. (Did that sound mean? Sorry-not!)

From Keska: Oh... You... Mean... Seth Harpper... Sorry, I haven't spoken to Seth in over a month. Last time I tried calling him, I got the message:"The wireless number you are trying to reach is no longer in service." Sorry,Jessie,guess you're on your own with this one. I was speaking out loud as
I was texting Jessie back.

The guys were getting a good chuckle out of all of it.

My phone pinged again

From Jessie:Well, can't YOU just go tell him to leave me alone!!?

KESKA: Typical Jessie, she thinks I got left behind again. That's the way it usually goes in my family, if I am not standing right in front of their faces,I don't exist. I let out a frustrated sigh.

"What does she want now?" Frank asked


KESK A: "Typical family shit, theyall seem to forget about me unless they want me to do something for them, and right now Jessie thinks I'm back home and can just run over to Seth's place and tell him to back off." I told him.


KESKA: I sent a quick text to Mackie to give her a heads up on what was happening with Jessie just in case Seth tried to come cry on her shoulder.Seth didn't give her his new number either, so I don't, for see her being too sympathetic to him right now either.


KESKA: "Do any of you have Seth's number?" I asked, Pete, one of the warriors, answered, "My little brother David has it, I think, they are on the hockey team together." "I hate to ask this, Pete, but will you call your brother? and see if he can go and distract Seth, maybe get him out on the ice or something?" I really did hate to ask him, but since I was here and not at home, it was all I could do. I know what you're thinking hockey practice in the spring, we have an indoor rink, and the coach took a page from the football coach, senior class practices year-round and it's not like it's constant maybe 3 days a week, 3-4 hours a day to help the next year's
team be at their best for the start of the season.

Pete was riding shotgun next to Frank, and he turned slightly in his seat to look back at me. "Aren't you and Seth friends?" he asked "I haven't spoken to Seth in over a month. I think he got a new number and hasn't bothered giving it to me or Mackie." Pete pulled out his phone to call his little brother.


"Hello," Dave answers. "Hey little Bro, how are you doing?" Seeing as all of us are wolves, we can hear both sides of the conversation, especially being in such close quarters.


Even me, and I technically don't get my wolf for another two and a half years, but then again, if anyone actually paid attention,they would know things were different with me, other than just my looks.
###Chapter 2
DAVE:“Hey Pete, what's up? I thought you had guard duty today."David said. "I do. I am on my way to Moon Rise Pack with the Alpha family as we speak." Pete told him. "Why the call then? Is everything ok?Was there an attack or something?" Dave sounaded a bit panicked. “No, no.Calm down, Dave, nothing like that. Does the team have practice today?"Pete asked. "Not until Noon, why?" Dave asked. "I need you to do us a favor, ok? I promise I will make it up to you." Pete responded.“What do you need me to do? And us?" Dave actually sounded happy to help his,big brother out. KESKA: (That is what it must feel like when you have a family that actually cares about you.) I thought.

PETE:“Yeah, Keska is riding with us in the last SUV, and apparently Jessie is under the impression that she didn't make the trip, and is blowing up her phone about Seth, so can you go distract him? Maybe try to get him out on the ice early before practice? It would be an immense help.” Pete told him.“I will try Pete, but ever since he hooked up with Jessie, he has been a pain in the ass to deal with." Dave replied. “Sorry to hear that, Dave. I wouldn't ask, but if Seth isn't distracted somehow,Jessie is going to make this trip miserable for everyone." Pete told his little brother.“I will get a couple of the guys to help, coach was wanting us to get more skate time in anyway.” Dave replied. "Thanks, Dave, I will take you to that movie that you've been wanting to see, on me, when I get home,ok?”Pete said. "Deal," and the call was ended.

KESKA: "Thanks, Pete," I said to him.“I really am sorry to have had you do that, but you were right about one thing,Jessie would have been a holy terror if something wasn't done about Seth, let's just hope Dave can pull it off." It left a bitter taste in the back of my throat to use people like that, I will have to come up with a way to thank them. My phone pinged a
couple more times, but I ignored it. But then, after another five minutes or so, it went silent. I guess Dave was successful in distracting Seth.


MACKIE: I was looking forward to getting some time in on the mat or out on the archery range to let off a little steam. I, like Keska, was a middle child, but there were only three in my family. My older brother Wyatt played football with James. Keska's older brother, and my little sister Demi was the little princess, who could do no wrong in my parents' eyes. She was the same age as Lissa and Liam, Keska's youngest twin siblngs,and me in the middle, also like Keska, if I wasn't standing right in front of their noses, I didn't exist, but I am only Gamma blooded. I jumped on my bike and headed for Nana Lilly's house. She is Keska's grandmother on her mother's side. I kind of liked the idea of baking cookies with her. We had just taken the first batch of cookies out of the oven when my phone pinged. I just took a glance at it, to see who was texting me, and saw it was from Keska.


FROM KESKA: Hey, just a heads up, Jessie didn't tell Seth we were going to be gone for the day, and per typical Jessie style, she thinks I'm at home.I know he has practice at noon, but wanted to give you a heads up just in case he wanted a shoulder to cry on (cry face emoji). I just started to laugh after reading Keska's text. "What's so funny, dear?" Nana Lilly asked. “Seth-Jessie drama, Nana.” I told her, "Oh," was her response,which made me laugh even harder. "Well, we best check those cookies,don't want them burning." Nana stated matter-of-factly. I spent the late morning and into the later afternoon with Nana Lilly. She is the only one who seemed to notice both Keska and me.


KESKA: We pulled up to the gates at Moon Rise Pack, and the lead SUV stopped to give the guard our invitation. We were directed on where to park, the first SUV had to go to park with the other pack's security,the family SUV got to park closer to the pack house because we were family.
the pack house was big four stories high with two wings coming from either side at a slight angel upwards, think of the shape of a Y but the stem is turned sideways and they were two stories each, the outside was a mix of medium red, light red. and cream bricks. The last SUV again had to park with the rest of the security. Even though I was in it. as a result, I was not with the rest of the family when everyone was greeted. I watched as we were driving away to go park, andI saw the look on Adrian's face;he seemed a little upset.


ADRIAN: I was so excited waiting for my aunt and uncle to arrive with my cousins. After today, I will be taking over from my father as Alpha of Moon Rise pack, and my mate and I have some changes we are going to make. I know that some of them won't be too popular with the pack,but I really don't care. I will be the one to make the call on what direction the pack will go in. I watch as they unload in front of the house, but I don't see Keska with them! “Didn't Keska come?" I asked, and in one voice they all said "NO.” That's when I knew that they forgot her again, and I was not happy with them, but I had to play nice. I just introduced my mate to them."Kina, this is my Uncle Alpha Drake, and his mate Luna Carla."I said to my mate and Luna,"and these are their children, twins James,Jessie,Lissa,and Liam. Kina shook hands with all of them as I introduced them to her.


KESKA: I walked back to the pack house from the security parking lot and got in line to greet my cousin and his mate. The minute Adrian saw me, he made a beeline right for me, picked me up, and swung me around.“Put me down, Adrian, before your mate decides to take a bite out of me!"I laughed at him.“Kina, Kina," he called his mate. "This is my cousin Keska, she is also one of Drake and Carla's, she is in
###Chapter 3

ADRIAN: the middle of both sets of twins." Adrian introduced me to his mate. "Shh you're not supposed to tell anyone that." I shushed him playfully knowing we were being watched by my uncle and aunt. Kina looked confused “I thought they said you didn't come." "Yeah, my family,a bunch of jokesters." I said with a fake chuckle. I then moved on to greet Uncle Asa and Aunt Gina, with a hug to each, and only got it returned halfheartedly. I then moved to greet my grandparents."Mimi.Papa Sutter"I moved to give both of them hugs, when I felt the sting of a hard slap.that whipped my head to the side.“How dare you! Call me that, Mimi is reserved for my grandchildren! You are not my grandchild!”Mimi screamed at me. I was reeling and completely in shock! Was I just rejected by my grandparents? Well, my grandmother anyway. I thought that grandparents were supposed to love you, except you. Guess I was wrong.Mimi's rejection cut me deeply. Everyone that was within ear shot,and that was a lot considering we were wolves was staring at me. I just hung my head and blinked back the tears that threatened to fall. Hearing the commotion that my grandmother had caused had me angry. I knew she was not fond of Keska but to reject her outright in front of everyone and on this day of all days had me seeing red. I stormed over to where they were standing! "What is the meaning of this" I bellowed, and a bit of my alpha aura slipped through I was so enraged. Everyone near me except other alpha's bowed their heads and bared their necks to me.My mother and father both tried to calm me to no avail. It was my sweet mate that finally got through to me. “Adrian, darling, calm down” she soothed me.“You need to release the pack dear, ok?" again her soft voice was like soft music, tinkling in my ear. It was enough to calm mine and my wolf's anger, I pulled back my aura. Turning to Keska to check on her, she was signing to me not to make a fuss over her. I then turned back to my grandmother "Why?!” I asked her between clenched teeth. "She is not one
of my grandchildren! She has no right to call me Mimi." My grandmother said very loudly. "She doesn't look like any of you, just look at her! No black hair, no blue eyes, she doesn't even have blond hair like her supposed mother" again she spoke loud enough for others to hear everything. I was livid with her! "So just because she called you Mimi.you have to cause a scene on my day!!" I growled at her. Even my wolf Coros was angry and prowling in my head.


KESKA: I couldn't let Adrian continue down this path, I knew that if he did, there would be more trouble and I would get the blame. so I did what I needed to do."Excuse me Alpha Adrian" I said rather quietly I then turned to my grandmother "I am deeply sorry to have caused you such distress Mrs. Sutter." “I will remember and know my place.”Again,I spoke very quietly. I then turned and walked away. I felt like I was just ripped in half from the deep soul wrenching pain that tore through me,it felt like there was a deep gaping hole inside of me. No. I didn't look like my siblings,James and Jessie were mirror images of our father, wwith raven black hair and blue eyes, like the color you get when you shine a bright light through a blue sapphire. Lissa and Liam were mirror images of our mother,Honey gold blond hair and blue eyes, the color of a clear summer sky. Then there is me, I am my mother's mother, auburn hair, and hazel eyes, that go from a light peridot to a creamy caramel in color depending on what I am wearing. I am a weird throwback in genetics, because two blue eyed parents don't produce a hazel eyed child, but I think it has something to do with mom's dad. He had platinum hair and almost silver eyes. There were whispers of him being some sort of hybrid, or possibly a special wolf or something, but he died when I was four, and the only people that would know for sure about Papa don't talk about him. They always change the subject when he is brought up.

ADRIAN: I cannot believe my grandmother, I knew she always needed to
be in the spotlight. but I thought just once she would relent and let someone else be in the fore front. but she couldn't, not for one day, and not even for me. I leave her standing there with everyone staring and just walk away from her, if she wants to continue with this shit then she can do it without me there to make it a legitimate issue. I go to find Keska,and bring my mate with me so that my grandmother doesn't poison her against my cousin. I enter the pack house through the front door which opens into the foyer, to the left is the formal dining and ballroom with French doors that open to the outside, where the ceremony will be held,there are stairs just outside the room that go up to the second floor,and an elevator that goes to all the floors, to the right is the pack dining area and a game room, there are another set of stairs just outside the kitchen area that also lead up to the second floor, and another elevator and the kitchen takes up about half of the back of the West wall, the other half is storage and freezer space. Our pack house faces East, we have a pool out the back behind the kitchen for the pack to use. I found Keska in the kitchen helping the omegas with the food prep for after the ceremony.The minute she sees me her tears start. "I am So! So! sorry Adrian, I runed your day, if I knew she was going to do that I wouldn't have gone up to her!" She speaks so softly that I must use my wolf's hearing. “Shh, shh,you didn't rune my day, she did, we both know how grandma is, she isn't happy unless she's the one in the spotlight, I just thought that today of all days she would behave." I tell her. "Now let's get some ice on your face before it bruises" She just shakes her head no at me. "No, why not?” I ask her."I will wear it as a badge of honor, and if anyone asks me, I will tell them this is what you get when the former Luna, and elder Mrs. Sutter rejects family." She says shrugging her shoulders. I just stepped into her and hugged her. I have no words to help soothe her hurt. When I step back from her, I sign to her I love you. She signs it back.
###Chapter 4

KINA: My name is pronounced like Tina but with a K. Honestly, I cannot believe Adrian's grandmother,how she could just cause a scene like that and not bat an eye, it's not just Adrian's day, it's also mine. I guess I will just have to make sure that I create a grand entrance for my Luna ceremony and make everyone forget about that narcissistic bitch.“Keska?”I call to her. "Would you like to help me get ready?”I ask her, I know how important she is to Adrian, so I want to get to know her better myself."Are you sure you want me?" she asks. "I wouldn't want you to get backlash from the family because you are being nice to me." She says.“Well, dear. I wouldn't have asked you if I didn't want you, and I think I can handle your grandmother." It's already a bit after noon,so I do need to hurry the ceremony starts in a little over an hour. "Ok, if you're sure."She says. "I am,” I assure her. I take her by the hanad and lead her up the stairs to my suite, where my mother and best friend are waiting for me.“Keska, this is my mother, Connstance, and my best friend, Gracie. Mom,Gracie, this Keska, she is Adrian's cousin from Blue Crescent Pack." They both have confused looks on their faces. "I thought that there were only twins in that family?" my mom says. “Yeah, I get that a lot.” Keska answers her.“There might as well be, for all the attention they give me."She says, like it's no big deal, and mine and my mom's hearts break for her.


KINA: I jump in the shower, I wash my hair, and quickly wash my body and get out. My mom has my dress and undergarments ready for me when I get out. Keska was helping Gracie set out my makeup. I have long hair, the color of wheat in the sunlight, so it's a little darker than the others in Adrian's family, and I have Hazel eyes that are just a bit darker than Keska's. My dress is a flowy Grecian style, with the drape off the right shoulder, fully beaded, the color of ocean glass, that watery green
that's got a hint of blue and is a slight shade darker green than mint.it sets my eyes off, and compliments my hair, which is in soft curls, also pined to the right side to show my mark from Adrian on the left. I'm not one for a lot of make-up, but I understand the importance of looking my absolute best today and with what happened earlier I was determined to make a grand entrance and take the spotlight from Adrian's grandmother,so with a sage brown eyeliner, and ombre shades of green eye shadow,done in a cat eye affect, and blush that highlights my high cheek bones.and a soft coral lip. I feel like a Greek goddess. As I am getting ready, I ask Keska about her and Adrian signing. “Why do you and Adrian sign to each other? Are you hard of hearing? And is that why they are so mean to you?""No,I am not hard of hearing, we do it so we can talk to each other,without them knowing what we are talking about, since we can't use the mind link due to being in different packs." She telIs me,“They are mean to me because, as you heard the former Luna, and **elder Mrs. Sutter,**I don't look like any of them, I look like my mom's mother, Nana Lilly.”She replies.“No. Adrian's Gamma has a cousin who is deaf, and he taught us to sign. Adrian wanted to learn, so if they ever came to visit, he would be able to communicate with her as a gracious host should." I had heard about the Gamma's cousin, and I, too, am learning to sign for that reason.“I feel sorry for Mom." Keska softly states. "The way dad's mother talked,it was like she had an affair with someone, or they adopted, and nobody spoke up for her!!!"“I am sure someone spoke to her; I don't think your dad would let her disrespect your mother like that." I replied to her. “Let's hope." She says.

DRAKE: I was furious with my mother for making people think that my mate cheated on me! I stormed over to where she was standing,***MOTHER!!!”** I practically roared at her, “Carla did not, nor never has.cheated on me!! I believe you owe her an apology **NOW!!!”** I was SEETHING, but I didn't want to cause more of a scene than she already
had, but she needed to apologize to my mate. I took her by the arm and dragged her over to where my mate was standing. “Now apologize!" My voice was ice cold to her. "Drake, dear, I never said she did, you took my words out of context." mother cooed at me.“Do not patronize me, mother!You made it sound as if Carla either cheated, or Keska was adopted,(Supposed Mother!), those were your exact words. Now apologize to my Mate!!!" I seethe at her through clenched teeth. Mother never liked to admit when she was wrong, but this time I was going to make her admit it,and in front of witnesses. “Drake, darling, don't cause a scene." she said rather quietly. "**Apologize NOW!!!**” I practically roared at her.“Fine."She let out an exasperated sigh. She turned to my mate. "Carla, I do apologize, but I did not say you cheated." “No, Amanda,you just inferred it, and in so doing, you have put not just my reputation on the line but that of our Pack. I hope you are happy now!!" My mate and I turned our backs on her and walked away to take our place for the ceremony.

The music starts as a signal to the start of the ceremony.

KINA: I take a quick look at the clock, it's almost 1:30. There's a soft knock on the door, and my mother answers it. I hear my dad on the other side."It's time, are you ladies ready?" he asks in his rich baritone voice.My mother opens the door for him to come in. "Oh, you are beautiful! My darling daughter." He says to me as he comes to kiss my cheek. Then he turns to my mother and kisses her. Turning back to me, he offers his arm.“Ladies, please go take your places. I will escort Kina down." Keska is the first one out the door, followed by Gracie, I happen to catch a glimpse of Adrian as he has come to escort my mother down and then take his place on the stage that was erected for today's events. "Who was in the room with you,Gracie, and your mother?" my dad asked in a hushed voice.I whisper back,"That was Adrian's cousin Keska,” “The one the old bat made a fuss about earlier?" "Yes, daddy one and the same." I reply with a
smile playing at my lips. My father made no secret about not liking Adrian's grandmother.
###Chapter 5

KINA: It's a good thing that we were not Alpha blood, we are Beta, I don't think that there would be a peace treaty between our packs if we were,all because of Adrian's grandmother.


KESKA: Kina looked like a Greek goddess in her dress. I hugged my cousin in the hallway as I left Kina's room. He was there to escort Connstance down for the ceremony and then take his place to wait for her.When I got downstairs, I ran into Rex, he is Adrian's Gamma. “Hey Keska,what happened to you? Who hit you?!!" I signed to him “Shh, the elder Mrs. Sutter slapped me" “That bitch! Does Adrian know?" he signed back “Yes, he knows, he was furious with her for causing a scene before the ceremony and for hitting me." "Is there anything I can do?” he signed back. “No. I just want this day to continue without any more drama for Adrian's sake." I signed back to him. “Me to Kes. Me too." He signed and gave me a quick hug. We both went to take our places for the ceremony,I noticed Adrian looking around, I just waved to him in case it was me he was looking for. He seemed to settle down when he saw that I was there.Then the Luna music started, and we all stood and turned to the French doors of the grand hall. Kina was there with her father. He kissed her cheek and then went to take his place next to his mate, leaving Kina to walk the aisle and the few steps up to Adrian's side.


The Elder started with the Alpha swearing in first. "Alpha Asa, do you relinquish the title of pack Alpha to your son Adrian?"“I do.”The elder took the ceremonial blade, cut Uncle Asa's palm, and let the blood drip into the ceremonial cup. "Adrian, do you promise to put the safety of Moon Rise pack above your own?” “I do.”“Do you promise to ensure the necessities of the pack are met before your own?" "I do." The elder cut Adrian's hand and let it bleed into the cup. Then he handed the cup to
Adrian to drink. "By the power vested in me by our goddess. I pronounce you Alpha Adrian of Moon Rise Pack."


There were whoops and hollers, cat calls and whistles from the pack and from those assembled. The elder called for attention to settle the crowd."We are not done yet." He turned to Kina and motioned her forward."Do you.Kina, swear allegiance to Moon Rise Pack and to its Alpha. Adrian?”“I Do."“Do you promise to put the Pack's needs before your own?" “I do.""Do you promise to put the safety of the Pack before your own?""I do."Then the elder cut Kina's palm and let the blood drip into the cup.“Alpha Adrian, do you accept Kina as your mate and luna?" the elder asked. "I do." The elder then recut Adrian's palm and let his blood drip into the cup. He swirled it a couple of times to mix it and then gave it to Kina to drink, and then to Adrian to drink. “By the power vested in me by our goddess, I pronounce you Alph and Luna Sutter of Moon Rise Pack!" Again, more whoops and hollers.'

KESKA: As I got in line to congratulate Adrian and Kina. I felt the cold stares of someone staring at me, looking around, and I saw my siblings.“What?" I mind linked James. "Get to the back of the line, brat!" He sent back. So, in order not to cause any more drama with my family, I stepped out of line and went to the kitchen to help set the food out for the celebration to come, and to pack snacks and water for the trip home. I had just set a tray of deli meats on the table and turned to head back into the kitchen. “What are you doing?" I heard Adrian's voice behind me.“Helping." I said. "I saw you get out of line, why?" he asked."Adrian,please don't get upset, but the twins were being pissy about me being in front of them, so I just came to the kitchen where I knew I could do some good, and not cause any more "trouble." I told him with finger quotes."I swear if we weren't cousins I'd kick their asses, James had better grow up.and start acting like an Alpha should, or, even if we are cousins there will
be no trade agreements between us!" Adrian hissed. “Adrian, don't cause problems. please! James will graduate in a month and a half and turn eighteen in two months, and then he will have to go to Alpha training. I'm sure he will get better." I said to him."We shall see," he said. "we shall see. Now are you going to congratulate me or what?" he chuckled. I just gave him a big hug. "You need to go mingle with your guests, oh, and I hope you don't mind, but I packed some sandwiches for the ride home."I said to him. "Are they for you? Or the rest of the family?" he asked,“Me and the warriors I rode with." I answered. "Then I don't mind." He told me.



MACKIE: I was riding my bike home from Nana Lilly's. I stayed longer than I thought, it was around three thirty in the afternoon, I heard a vehicle start driving behind me. I pulled my bike to the very edge of the street to let it pass, but it slowed down too. I looked behind me to see who it was, and there was Seth and a few of the hockey players. "What is it,Seth?”I sent him a mind link, “Do you know why... Keska isn't answering any of my texts?" he sent back. "Sorry, no clue." I sent to him.The other guys with him started to give him shit for stopping and talking to me. "Dude,come on, what would Jessie say if she caught you talking to that loser." Jerks, but what do you expect from a bunch of jocks, right?idiots. Seth just shook his head and drove off, showering me with dust and pebbles from the side of the street. asshole. I pulled my phone out of my bag and sent Keska a text.

FROM MACKIE: Hey, Kes, have you got any text from Seth? He just caught me on my way home from Nana's and asked if I knew why you weren't answering his text. It was weird, he hesitated before he said your name.
FROM KESKA: Mackie. he hasn't sent me any. He was probably going to say Jessie's name because he was blowing up her phone on the way here.but he never sent me anything. Just ignore him.
###Chapter 6

FROM MACKIE: Yeah, he just sprayed me as he drove off with some of the guys from the team with him,JERKS!! (angry face emoji)

FROM KESKA: Was Dave with them?

FROM MACKIE: Not that I saw,why?”

FORM KESKA: Well, at least we don't have to put him in the same category as the rest of the knuckle-headed hockey team! (Laughing tear-faced emoji) We will probably be leaving here somewhere around seven.and it will be another two and a half hours to get home. I will call you when we get there.

FROM MACKIE: Can't wait to hear all about it.

KESKA: I put my phone away and continued to help with the food service and clean up just to stay away from the rest of the family. I did take some of the finger sandwiches to the guards so they could have something to eat before everything was cleaned up and put away. If I had known that they had set up food tables for the guards, I would have just sent them there, but I didn't know. I heard my father's voice as I was coming back from feeding our guards. I stopped in my tracks; I did not want to be caught and accused of eavesdropping


DRAKE: "Alpha Camron, good to see you again." “Alpha Drake,nice seeing you.""I was hoping you would be here, and we could mix a little business with the festivities.""What did you have in mind?" Camron asked me."Nothing much, but maybe setting a date to finalize the trade talks we started last week."


KESKA: I heard my father say. "Sure, I think we can manage that."
Camron said with a slight chuckle. "Good, how does Wednesday sound?"I asked. "I can make that work. Will your son be joining us?" Camron asked.“I will check with him, but I suspect that he should be able to join us."I said. "I look forward to the meeting." I stayed well back from them as they went their separate ways, as I didn't want to be seen and be accused of eavesdropping. I waited till I saw my father turn a corner out of my sight before I moved and continued my way back to the kitchen.

DRAKE: I made my way back to my mate and Luna. "Well. I was able to finalize the date for the trade talks that were started last week." I told her.“Well, let's just hope that your mother didn't damage our reputation too badly with her stupid outburst." She hisses back at me. "“I'm sure we will be just fine, and if we're not, then I will take it out of Mother's hide,”I assured her."The music has started, let us go dance, and forget about my mother and pack business." I said to her as I took her hand and led her to the outdoor dance floor.


KESKA: I made it back to the kitchen without too much more hassle.I started to bring in the dishes from the dinner, and started to bring more snack foods out to the serving table, when I was pulled away from behind.I didn't think I just let my body react, I threw my head back,connecting with the person's face, then threw my elbow back, catching whoever it was in the upper ribs, then I just let all my weight drop. I was dropped, and I spun around and took a defensive stance, ready to continue to defend myself more if necessary. "Whoa, whoa," Alpha Camron held up his hands in mock surrender. "Oh my goddess!! I am so sorry! Please forgive me!"“I will think about it, who are you?" he asked me. I knew better than to look him in the eye; he is an alpha after all, so I picked the second button on his shirt to look at to answer him. "I'm Keska, from Blue Crescent pack."I answered, "Blue Crescent, one of Alpha Drake's pack? What were you doing eavesdropping on your alpha?" he asked with a bit of anger in his
voice. “I'm sorry. Alpha but I was not eavesdropping. I was on my way back from taking food to the warriors that accompanied us, when I heard my father's voice. I did not wish to be scolded yet again for no reason, so I staid as still and quiet as possible.”“Father? Alpha Drake is your father?"he asked, sounding a bit confused.


DRAKE: I hear Alpha Camron's voice over by the food table. I hope that an omega has not spilled something on him. "I am going to go investigate what is going on over there with Alpha Camron" I told Carla. I walk over to where I see him standing, and I see Keska with him. “Keska, now what have you done!" I growled at her as I observed the scene in front of me.“You know her?" Camron asked, “Yes, she is my daughter,and a troublemaker." I told him. “I thought you only had twins." He says to me."No, I have five kids,” I say with a slight chuckle. “I hope she hasn't caused you any trouble," I say to him with a bit of harshness in my voice towards Keska. Before he could answer, Adrian stepped up to us.


ADRIAN: I see both Uncle Drake and Alpha Camron over by the food table with Keska stuck between them, looking like she was about to be skinned and skewered.“Excuse me, uncle, may I take my cousin and dance with her?" I asked, even though he knew it wasn't a question but a request I was making. "Of course, Adrian." He didn't sound incredibly pleased at my interruption. I held out my hand to her and pulled her away from them.


DRAKE: I turn to look at Alpha Camron. "Are you ok?” I asked him,noticing the bruise starting at his eye.“Yeah, I was quick enough to raise her slightly so I wouldn't get a broken nose, but I will live with the black eye and slightly bruised ribs." He tells me. I am shocked that she was able to do that. "Let's get some ice for you." I say as I turn and head toward the pack house. He follows behind me. "How come I never knew you had five kids?" He asked me. "I don't know, Keska was born between the
twins." I tell him.

KESKA: “Thank you. Adrian, but you should not have done that, because I will get it worse later, from father." I tell him as we move to the dance floor. "If he does tell me. I won't stand for it." He says."Adrian, there is nothing you will be able to do; he is my father, you are my cousin." I tell him. "I know, but I just hate the way they ignore you or belittle you." He says to me. I changed the subject on him as I don't want him getting worked up about family matters on his coronation day. “Have you danced with everyone yet?" I asked him. “I have, including your siblings, they were the first ones to get dances with both Kina and I." he tells me, then proceeds to give me the rundown on every luna, from every pack in attendance. By the time the dance was done, we were both laughing.
###Chapter 7

CAMRON: I let Alpha Drake lead me to the pack house. where he tells one of the omegas to fetch me some ice. “I feel a bit stupid," I admit to him. (I am not afraid to admit shit in front of him, I am not one of those vain Alphas that won't admit when he's wrong for fear of appearing weak.)“Why is that?" he asks, “Well, not knowing she was your daughter, for one.and letting her take me by surprise for two." I kind of chuckled at him.“Sorry for that." He apologizes to me, nodding towards my eye. “Why were you talking to her in the first place?" he asks. "When we were talking and setting the date for our meeting. I caught her scent. I didn't know who it was,so I went in search of whoever it might have been that was eavesdropping on our conversation." Itell him,"I should not have just picked her up and startled her the way I did, so in a way, I guess I deserve what I got from her, but I was not expecting it." Again,I chuckled.I was watching his face as I spoke. He did not seem happy to hear that she had overheard us. "What excuse did she give for eavesdropping?" he asks.“She said that she wasn't, that she had just gone to give food to the warriors that accompanied you and she was on her way back when she heard your voice, and not wanting to get scolded for no reason again, she stayed quiet and still." I told him what she said to me. Again, I watched his face. He seemed to be a bit perplexed but did not comment on it. After observing Alpha Drake, I decided to link the men that accompanied me.“Chase, was there someone there just a bit ago?"“Yeah, boss, a female pup about 15 years old.” He links back. "How did the men react to her?" I asked him."Nothing special, maybe a bit dismissive." he answers back.“Thanks,”" I cut the link. "Problems?" asked Drake. "No, just the guys wondering about getting something to eat." I tell him."Oh, have them come to the back of the pack house, there are tables set up for them."He says. I link Chase back. "Have all the guys, not just you, but all the escorts come to the back of the pack house to get food." "Ok, I will let them know.
boss." I close the link. "Thanks, Drake. I'm good now. Cereus will heal the rest." "Again, I am sorry about Keska, are we still on for next week?"he asked, almost pleading. “Yes.” I answered him,I put the ice and towel down,and walked out to the grounds where they were still dancing.

KESKA: "May I have this dance?" I hear from behind me. Turning, I find Alpha Camron. "Umm...”“Come, dance with me, let me show you that there are no hard feelings." I take the hand that he has held out to me.We move on to the dance area. He takes me in his arms, and right away I feel safe, protected, almost. It was strange. As he held my hand in his,I felt his thumb rub over the scar I have. “What is this from?" he asked.“I and my best friend made a blood promise to each other when we were kids,"I tell him, not looking him in the eye. “You can look at me.” He tells me. "I do not wish to be rude, nor do I want your wolf to feel challenged. I am, after all, alpha-blooded, remember?" I say."I promise Cereus won't feel threatened by you, but if it helps. I will let him tell you."Before I can say anything, I hear a deeper, gravely baritone “Young pup,look up." The Alpha's hand comes up to my chin and tilts my head up.so I am looking him right in the eye. "I know you are alpha blood, but you are young, I do not take offence at you, there is no challenge from you.”I heard his wolf say. "Thank you, Cereus, it is nice to meet you." I say to his wolf. "My pleasure." I then watch as Camron's eyes return to their warm chocolate brown with gold flecks. He is a very handsome Alpha with his sandy brown hair, almost the color of wet sand when you're digging at the beach to make a sandcastle. It has a soft wave to it, a strong square jaw line, and a straight nose.


CAMRON: I wonder how many “friends" Keska has made blood promises with, and does her father know? And does she know what exactly she has done? But before I can ask her, it's as if she read my mind. "Don't worry,Alpha, I am not stealing the pack, just my best friend, and ves, we both
know what we did, and we would do it again. She is my Gamma, not my father's nor my brother's, but mine." She tells me. “It almost sounds like you are going for a pack of your own." I say with a chuckle. “You never know. I just might." She says with a straight face. Cereus lets me know that someone is not happy that I am dancing with Keska. "Is it Adrian?"“NO. it is her sister." As we were dancing. I turned us to find Jessie staring hard at Keska and me. I also see that Adrian has his mate on the dance floor, keeping an eye on his cousin. “It seems we are the center of attention."I tell her. "I doubt that the only one that would care is Adrian,and that is to protect my honor. but I think he knows you are not the type that would try to take advantage, more to the point of making sure that my family does not make a scene." She says. The music ends, and she inclines her head to me.“Thank you for the dance. Alpha Camron, and thank you, Cereus." She says to both of us. I let Cereus answer for us.“Our pleasure." He smiles at her. She just turns and walks away from us.“Someone is going to be very lucky to have her." I say to Cereus. “Yes.” Is all I get from him before Jessie comes up to us. Cereus gives a slight growl,"stop,we need to play nice.”I tell him.

KESKA: As I walk away from Alpha Camron, I happen to catch Jessie walking up to him out of the corner of my eye. I wonder if he has his mate yet, not that it would be me, but I just hope it's not Jessie, he's too nice for Jessie, although it might be good for her if she got someone like him, it would teach her she can't always get everything handed to her on a silver platter like mom and father do. I headed back to the pack house to help with more of the cleanup. I like to keep busy, and that way I am also "NOT GETTING INTO TROUBLE.” as father would put it. Plus, I know we will be leaving in about an hour, as it is getting late. I get to the kitchen and jump right in, retrieving the dirty dishes, glasses, and tableware from the tables as the guest just put things down haphazardly.and getting them to the kitchen to be washed, and I then start to put
things away.
###Chapter 8

KESKA: After working in the kitchen for the better part of an hour. I link Frank. “Have you heard from Father yet on when we will be leaving?"[ask him. My face is really starting to ache now. "Yes. he says we will be leaving in half hour." he sends back. and I close the link. I start to gather the finger sandwiches. snacks. and water I had put aside from earlier.when I feel a searing pain in my upper right arm. Turning to see who grabbed me. I see the ELDER MRS. SUTTER “It's not bad enough that you think you can claim family. but now you steal from us!!" She screeches at me, as her wolf claws dig deeper into my arm."No. Mrs.Sutter. I am not. Alpha Adrian gave me permission to take these for the trip home." I tell her through gritted teeth. I keep my eyes on the floor.I just want to scream. The pain in my arm is so bad. Just as she was about to slap me again, Rex came into the kitchen. "Sally, Luna Becca wants more of that juice you made." Then he notices me and the elder Mrs.Sutter,“What is going on here?" he asks with a bit of a growl.“Nothing that concerns you Gamma!"she hisses out. I notice that his eyes cloud over."Adrian. Kitchen. Now.”


ADRIAN: I was chatting with a couple of other Alphas discussing a possible business venture when I got the link from my Gamma."Excuse me gentlemen, I have a matter to attend to." I say as I take Kina by the hand. "Of course." they say. "What's going on?” Kina asks me. "I have no idea, but I just got a link from Rex saying kitchen now." I tell her. We make our way to the kitchen, and I see my gamma, my cousin. and my grandmother. "What is going on in here?" I ask, as I see my grandmother give my gamma a dirty look. "I told you it was none of your business.""
Keska, your arm! It's bleeding, what happened?" Kina asks her. "I caught her stealing food from us!!" My grandmother states like she is the luna in charge.“What pack is she from?" I ask my grandmother through clenched
teeth."Blue Crescent, of course." She answers me like I'm an idiot. “Who is the alpha of that pack?" I asked."Adrian, you know full well who the alpha is; he is my second-born son, your uncle Drake." She says again.thinking she is being superior.“Then how the hell do you think she is stealing food? Are you going to denounce the whole damn family?"I shout at her. “I told her she could take the sandwiches, snacks, and water for the trip home, and who the hell are you to go against your alpha's word?” Again, I see red because of her. She knows I am pissed as Coros makes his presents known.


KINA:"Adrian,dear breathe, Coros, it's ok, I am here." I turn to Sally,“Have someone help Gamma Rex with whatever it is he needs and get me the first aid kit." I say in my most calm voice, even though, like Adrian,I too am seething from the shit his grandmother keeps pulling. Sally's eyes cloud over, calling in another omega to help Rex. She goes to the pantry to retrieve the first aid kit, and I start to dress Keska's arm. As I am tending to Keska, I see that Adrian is taking two paper bags and filling them with most of the leftovers from the party, and placing them neatly in the bags.I also noticed Rex has left the kitchen. “There you go, Keska, that should hold tiIl you get home." I tell her. “Thank you, Luna Kina," she says to me. I just hugged her.


ADRIAN: After I fill the two bags with the leftovers, I get the omega that helped Rex, carry the bags to the vehicles of the Blue Crescent pack. "Take these to the warriors that came with Blue Crescent, just tell them with the alpha's compliments." I then turned back to my grandmother.“Is there anything else that you think she was stealing?" I ask her in a rather dismissive tone."How dare you!" she screams at me. "How dare I what?"I hiss through clenched teeth,“I am the alpha of this pack, and you will do well to remember that, and not go against what I say or do. Is that clear to you, grandmother?" She just stares at me wwith anger in her eyes
and stomps out of the kitchen.

KESKA: “Adrian, please don't fight with her, she never really cared all that much for me anyway, so please, don't try and make her change her ways,it will only cause you misery and trouble for the pack." I tell him.“The trouble that she causes for the pack is being disrespectful to its guests and members." He states. "I have to go if I am not in the SUV, I will get left behind, and as they wouldn't care, I don't think the ELDER MRS.SUTTER would appreciate it." I say as I pick up the last bag of food,giving both him and Kina a hug. I head out the back door and over to the security lot where the SUVs are parked. I open the back door and take my place in the last seat, with the bag of food next to me.


KESKA: I take out my phone and call Mackie. The phone rings a couple of times before she picks up.

MACKIE:“Hello.”'KESKA:“Hey,”

MACKIE:“Thought you were going to call when you got home."

KESK A: "Yeah, well, I needed someone to talk to and you're the only one who gets me." MACKIE: “What happened?” KESKA: “Grandma Mimi has rejected me in front of everyone in attendance, she slapped me, and then as I was getting things together for the trip home, she dug her wolf claws into my arm, I am going to have scars now for the rest of my life because of her.” MACKIE:“What a bitch, does Adrian know what she did?Because we both know he wouldn't put up with her shit and would put her in her place." KESKA: “Yeah, he knows, he did yell at her, but like all the others, it's never her fault, she's the victim, not me." MACKIE: “I am sorry,did you have any fun at all?” KESKA: “Yeah, I did, but that will have to wait until I get home, but I wiIl leave you with this: I gave an alpha a black eye." MACKIE: “You cannot just say something like that
and leave me hanging!" KESKA: “Sorry. but it will have to wait until I get home. the guys are coming.so I will have to go. but I promise I will call you when we are about a half hour out." MACKIE: “Alright. bye." KESKA:"Bye." I hung up the phone and put it in my bag as the warriors piled into the vehicle, and the two-and-a-half-hour trip home.

DRAKE: "James. I have set a meeting up with Alpha Camron for next week.Wednesday. to put the finishing touches on the trade agreement and get the contract signed. He said he wants you to be there."
###Chapter 9

JAMES: "What time on Wednesday. I do have school and practice." I tell him. "I don't care what you have, and what do you mean you have practice? Football is over. You will be at this meeting.we will stand to make about Eighty thousand a quarter from this one trade agreement. and I know that may not sound like much, but considering the fact he is willing to take the slag ore off our hands is a plus for us." He says. “Not to mention. I am sure he wants to get to know who he will be doing business with in the future." "Yes, Dad, practice, it's something new the coach implemented last year. The seniors practice throughout the year to help get the next season's team ready. But fine, I will be there." I say. Not that I really have much choice, I am looking forward to taking over for my dad. I just hope that I can find my Mate and Luna before I turn twenty.I don't think I could handle working with Dad side by side like Adrian did before he found Kina. Don't get me wrong, I love Dad, but sometimes he drives me up a wall. He needs to come into the twenty-first century with some of his business dealings, maybe start thinking in terms of geting into some tech.


JESSIE:“Only eighty thousand? What's he want it for?"

DRAKE: “I don't know I didn't ask him, but I'm sure it will come up at the meeting on Wednesday, and why do you say it like that,(Only eighty thousand) the fact that he wants it, helps us, we don't have to pay to dispose of it, and we get paid to get rid of it! It's a win, win in my book.”“Sorry, daddy, I just thought that if he wanted it so bad, he would pay more. that's all." She says. JAMES: Leave it to Jessie to try and push the boundaries,getting eighty thousand every quarter and for a waist product is pretty damn good I'd say, but Jessie always wants more, greedy wench.“It's a waste product, Jessie, we can't get a premium price for it no matter
what he wants it for, understood?" I sayto my daughter. "Yes, daddy."She replies.

KESKA: Thank the goddess the trip home was a non-event, unlike the trip out. Halfway home. I ask, “Anyone hungry?" “What Ya got?" asks Pete "Leftover sandwiches from the ceremony, chips. and water." I say to everyone in the vehicle. "Sure," I hear from all of them. I passed out the food and settled back for the rest of the trip home. Half an hour out. I call Mackie.“Hey,we will be home in thirty," I say to her. "Do you want me to come over?" she asks "No, meet me at Nana's," I say to her. “It's kind of late to be going to Nana's, don't you think?" she asks. “Yeah, but if she sees me later, with the bandages on my arm and a bruise on mny face,she will go ballistic,so I just figure I will get it all done and over with in one fell swoop." I tell her. “Yeah, you're right about that. Ok, I will meet you at Nana's," she says, and we hang up. As we pull through the gatesof our pack, I ask Frank, "Hey, Frank, can you stop and let me out here,please?”"Sure." He says and stops the vehicle. I get out and head straight to Nana's house, it's closer to the gate than it is tothe pack house. I link Mackie, I'm home and headed to Nana's. She sent back on my way. I wait for her before I knock on Nana's door. "Who is it?” Nana calls out. "It's me, Nana,I'm home." I call out to her. I hear hurried footsteps coming to the door.“It's late. dear." She says as she opens the door. "I know Nana,but I just needed a Nana hug." I say to her. She opens the door wide enough for Mackie and me to step through. "Come to the kitchen." She says as she heads down the hall towards it. She starts the tea kettle and takes out the chi tea and horehound.


KESKA: Nana knows me so well, it's my favorite. “Now tell me what's going on with my Keska." She says. So, I pulled up the bit of sleeve to show her my upper arm where Mimi Sutter grabbed me. "What happened?"she asked as she took the bandages off my arm and then took a good
look at my face. I hear her hiss through her teeth when she sees the claw marks left on my arm. "Who did this?!!" she demands as she turns my face to her. I even hear Mackie's intake of breath when she sees my arm."The ELDER MRS. SUTTER." I say, and I watch, as Nana starts bustling about the kitchen, grabbing herbs and salves from the cupboards. “Mackie.please get a washcloth from the bathroom. get it as hot as you can under the faucet." Mackie hurries off to do as Nana bids. I hear the water start to run in the bathroom, then Mackie returns just a couple of minutes later with a hot washcloth in her hand. Nana takes the cloth and says, "This is going to sting a bit." As she places the washcloth on my arm,she starts to mix some of the herbs she gathered into the salve. She takes the cloth away and starts to rub the salve into the wounds directly, that's when the stinging starts.“This will help minimize the scarring and makes sure there is no infection." She states. "Now tell me what happened."I proceeded to tell my Nana and Mackie everything that happened at the coronation/luna ceremony, from Mimi Sutter slapping me and disowning me,to the incident in the kitchen before we left to come home. Leaving out the part about Alpha Camron. As I was telling them everything, the tea kettle started to whistle. Nana poured us each some tea. I felt better, I felt calmer.Nana didn't say much while I was telling her what happened,but I could tell she was pissed, to say the least. "It's late, girls, head upstairs and get ready for bed, you have your aikido training in the morning." She states in a calm and steady voice. Both Mackie and I have left clothes at Nana's house for just such occasions because it's happened before. We both put our teacups in the sink, kiss Nana on the cheek, hug her goodnight,and head off to bed.


LILLY: I am absolutely furious as I listened to Keska, how dare that gold digging, statis climbing, bitch put her hands on my grand pup, she forgets just who we are. I will have to remind her, there is a reason the Brookes family is the only werewolves that the Lycans have on the royal guard.I
am a patient person, she will get hers. (“Stephen, please come to the kitchen,") I link my man servant. (“Yes. Miss Lilly.") I only wait a couple of minutes before Stephen comes in. "Stephen, over the next couple of days.I will need you to set up the obstacle course in the backyard. It's time I start training Keska and Mackie." I tell him. “Yes, Miss Lilly,"he says in his soft tenor. Then he leaves. I wash up the cups, put them in the rack to dry.and head up to bed myself.

LILLY: The next morning. I get the girls up and make them breakfast, and make sure they have what they need for their training class. “Let me take a look at your arm Keska." I say to her. She pulls up the short sleeve of the shirt she is wearing, and I take the bandage off and make sure that everything looks good before I reapply the salve and rebandage her arm.
###Chapter 10

MACKIE: "So what happened with the Alpha?" I ask Keska, "Alpha Camron, came up behind me and picked me up off my feet when I was helping set up." She says. "Oh no! I can guess what happened." I said.“Yes, and it did. I just let my training take over; it was lucky for him.he had quick reflexes, or he would have had a broken nose." She says.“So how did you give him a black eye?" I asked her. “He raised me just a bit higher and dropped his head to the side. but I think I also might have given him some bruised ribs." She tells me. “Ouch, and an Alpha. wow."


KESKA: I told Mackie all about Alpha Camron, and that I even met his wolf. and the blood promise because of the scar he felt at the base of my thumb when we were dancing. "You told him?"she asked, a little bit shocked that I did. "Yes, it would not have been right to lie to an Alpha.don't worry, he isn't going to tell, and if we play our cards right, you might get to meet him." I tell her. "How?" she asked. "He is coming for a meeting with Father and James on Wednesday," I tell her. "You actually met his wolf? That isn't normal." She says. "I know, but it was because I would not look him in the eye. I was not going to take a chance and get in trouble for disrespecting an alpha," I tell her. “Wow, again, only you.Keska, only you." She chuckles. As I promised her yesterday before we left.we spent the day hitting the mats practicing our aikido, and then we hit the archery field.


MACKIE:“Kes,why are you so pissed at Seth?" I asked her she has been a little cold towards him. She hesitates to answer me. She sighs,“Remember about a month ago now? We were trying out for our green stripe?" she asks. "Yeah, he said he would come and watch, and then take us home." I said, "He never showed that night and left us hanging and it was snowing when we got done, and then he gave some bull shit story
about having to help his dad." I replied, “Well, when I was getting ready to leave. I saw his truck at the house, so I thought that since he was already there, he could just drive me to the dojo. I went looking for him.I passed by Jessie's room. and her door was slightly ajar. I heard some noises coming from her room, so I peeked in, and saw him buried balls deep in her and she was begging him (harder)" she tells me. “Why didn't you say anything before now?" I semi-scolded her. “Because I didn't want to influence anything between the two of you. if you really had a friendship." She says. "Well, if we did. he ruined it yesterday by the way he treated me." I tell her. "Sorry about that." “Not your fault." I tell her.


KESKA: Now you know why I said he was my second X best friend. We park and lock up our bikes and head into the archery building. There was a counter on the short side of the rectangle-shaped building, and different weapons hanging on the walls. "Hey Kent, how are things going?”I asked him.“Just fine, Kes, how are you doing today?" I'm well, thank you. Umm,Kent, do you think that Mackie and I could hit the outdoor range today?""Sure thing, do you need to borrow bows or do you have your own?" he asked."We brought our own, we just need the arrows." I tell him. “There are a couple of families out there with their pups, so be careful when shooting." he tells me. "We will.” I tell him. Kent grabs us two quivers full of arrows, and we head out to the firing range. We each take four shots apiece, and then go and check our accuracy and retrieve the arrows, then we do it again. As we are walking to the targets thesecond time,I catch movement in the tree line about 30 yards from the targets."Mackie,did you catch that?”“Yeah, I did.” We link to each other. "Time to go practice that Gamma charm of yours and get those families inside and tell Kent to give us the good ammo." "On it.” Mackie goes and starts chatting with the families and convinces them that the indoor range would be safer for the pups to practice on. I keep my eye on the tree line for any more movement. I sniff the air and catch a slight odor of rotten meat. "Rogues!"
I link to Mackie.

MACKIE: I get the families inside and then go tell Kent that we need the good arrows."Kent!" I call out to him. Then link him so as not to cause a panic with the families. "Kes and I need the silver-tipped wolfbane arrows NOW!! We have a rogue problem." Without hesitation, he grabs two quivers of the silver arrows. and I see his eyes gloss over. "Help is on the way." He says as I grab the quivers and head back out to Keska. I hear a howl of pain in the distance. Even though the practice arrows aren't silver.they still hurt if you get hit with them.

KESKA: I climb on top of the practice target, it's like a scarecrow on a t pole, and start shooting at the rouges. I know it won't kill them, but it will slow them down. “Here." Mackie hands me a quiver of silver hollow-tipped arrows filled with wolfbane, then joins me on top of the next target over."I got one, but there are about a dozen or more of them." “Sight me in.""Just about ten feet on the other side of the tree line." "Got it." We both take aim and let loose; the next thing we hear is two more roars of pain. We both sighted in again and let loose, two more roars of pain.Then we hear fighting coming from the woods. We jump down, grab the quivers,and head back to the building to take up a defensive position on the roof.I link Kent, "You have a safe bunker, right?”“Yeah,why?”“If the two families with pups are still here, get them in it now!" "On it, but shouldn't you be getting in there too?" "Not when I can help pick some of them off from up here and take down as many as I can to help out our warriors."I close the link and concentrate on where I hear the fighting coming from.I catch sight of another rogue sneaking up on one of our fighters, I take aim and take it out. (I felt a rush of air as an arrow whizzed by my ear,I looked to my left flank and saw a rogue with an arrow stuck in him. I look around quickly to see where that arrow came from, I see two girls standing on top of the archery building. I give a howl of thanks in their
direction and get back in the fight.) It doesn't take too much longer,and the fight is over. I link one of our fighters. "Hey, when you get to clean up.be careful, we were using the heavy ammo so some of them have wolfsbane and silver. also I think I pinned one to a tree straight out from the second target. he was shot with a regular arrow." "Thanks for the heads up. I will inform the men."
###Chapter 11

KESKA: I close the link, and Mackie and I climb down and head inside."Kent" I call out, "over here." I hear coming from the left side of the room."All clear."I tell him, as I hear the weight of a heavy object being moved.Then I hear him say,"All clear. you can come out now."“Thank you,"I hear from a few different voices. “You are all welcome, but I am not the one to thank, if it wasn't for those two over there (Kent points in our direction),we wouldn't have had an early warning." He tells them.I go stand at the sales counter and wait for Kent to come over. Mackie waits by the door for me. The adults in the group come up and thank us as they file out to leave. "Thank you so much for saving us." They say to us. "No need to thank us, it's what any good pack member would do." I tell them.Kent comes over to the sales counter and we hand him back the rest of the arrows and I give him $20. “What's this for?" he asks. “I don't have enough to pay for the silver and wolfsbane, but this is for the one arrow that I left the rouge pinned to the tree with,” I tell him. “Plus, it's for the rental.""After what you did, you don't have to pay." "Yes, I do, I am not going to take advantage of the fact that I am in the alpha family and not pay my way." I tell him.

(I let the men know that some of the rogues have wolfsbane and silver in them and that we might have a prisoner pinned to a tree straight out from the archery targets.)


KESKA: I was happy to notice that the attack didn't disrupt the day-to-day life of too many of the pack members. After the rogue attack,Mackie and I needed to burn off some of the adrenaline, it was around 4:30 or so.So. we make the rounds to the elderly pack members to see if they need anything. We spend the rest of the day doing small errands for them, it's how we make our money for the things we want or need, we both earn
about 60-70 dollars each. Our parents don't just hand us things like they do our siblings. I now have enough to give Pete the money to take his brother to the movie he wants to go see. "Mackie. I need to head over to the warrior barracks. I need to give Pete some money." I tell her."Why do you need to give Pete money?" she asks. "I told him I would make it up to him for his help with Jessie yesterday.” “Oh. ok, let's go then." We head over to the warrior barracks that sits south of the pack house and west of the gate. We headed to the central office for the barracks. "Is Pete in?"I asked the guard. "Sorry, he is out on cleanup right now. Is there something I can help you with?""I just need to leave him something,may I have an envelope and a piece of paper?" I asked him. He digs in a desk drawer and hands me an envelope. and then walks over to the printer and grabs a piece of paper from it, walks back over to me and hands it to me.I quickly wrote Pete a note. Pete, I know it's not much, but here is 40dollars to help offset the price of the movie for you and Dave. Thank you again, and again, I am sorry I had to ask you to do what you did. I hope you enjoy the movie. Keska. I then put $40.00 in the envelope with my note, put Pete's name on it, and handed it to the guard. “Please make sure Pete gets this."I tell him. He takes the envelope from me, walks over to a rack of small cubbies on the wall, and puts it inside one. “Done." He tells me. "Thank You." I headed back out to where Mackie was waiting with the bikes."All done?" she asked me. "Yep, all done." "Time to head home.”“I will see you tomorrow." We both head to our perspective homes.


KESKA: I wake the next morning to the sound of rain before my alarm goes off. Great, just fricking great. I get up and turn my alarm off and start getting ready for school, I don't usually mind the rain, but I don't like being soggy for school, James and Jessie aren't going to let me ride with them, they will go pick up Wyatt, and leave both me and Mackie to find our own way to school. Just a month and a half. I keep chanting to myself.
LILLY: I woke to the sound of rain pelting the window of my room. I don't mind when it rains, like some do, because of the aches and pains that come with the change in the barometric pressure; I just don't have them,even though I am in my early 70s. I get up and go to the kitchen to start breakfast for Stephen and myself. “Stephen, I'd like it if you would go take the girls to school today, I know that James won't, and I don't want them getting soaked." “Yes, Miss Lilly." So, after breakfast, Stephen leaves to pick up Mackie and Keska in the limo. I link my daughter. Carla, I am sending Stephen to pick up Keska and thengo get Mackie and take them to school. "Why? mother, they can ride their bikes like they have always done.”“Did you happen to notice it's raining? I don't want them to get soaked, and I know that you will not make James and Jessie take her with them, so I am sending Stephen. Deal with it.”I close the link.


CARLA: I love my mother but sometimes she can be a bit of a pain in the ass, we are Brookes, and she never brags about it, but sometimes she just does what she pleases because of it. “Keska! Hurry up! Stephen will be here to pick you up!!" I yell up to her.


KESK A: Stephen? Why was he coming? I made my way downstairs to get some breakfast when the twins came flying into the kitchen.“Why is Stephen coming?"Jessie whines at Mom. "I don't know, your grandmother just linked me to tell me she is sending him for your sister.Now sit down for breakfast." Mom tells her. “She can just ride her bike,like she always does," James states. "That's what I said, but your grandmother has a different opinion from the rest of us. Now sit down,I had the cook make cinnamon rolls." Great, now I'm going to get it from them all day. Lissa and Liam come into the kitchen just as the rolls are coming out of the oven, and Father comes in right behind them. Both Jessie and James are glaring at me like I just took the last cookie away from them or something. The cook set the rolls down on the table, and
everyone reached for theirs at one time, which caused the plate to tip, and the few remaining rolls hit the floor. I, of course, wasn't lucky enough to get one before they toppled to the floor. The twins just laughed at me.I looked at both my parents.but they just ignored the twins and started shaking their heads at me. I just started to help clean up the mess they caused, and then went to the pantry and grabbed a couple of granola bars.then went back to my room.

###Chapter 12

KESKA: I ate my granola bars in my room, came back down,threw the wrappers away, and waited for Stephen. James and Jessie left to get Wyatt.I linked Mackie. "*Hey, just wanted to let you know to keep a low profile when the twins get there, it was a bad morning, and Stephen is going to be taking us to school today." “Ok... why?" Not sure exactly what's going on, but Nana is sending Stephen for us. “I'll be ready and waiting,and I will definitely stay out of sight of the twins and Wyatt."*


KESKA: We pull up in front of the school just before the bell rings."Thanks, Stephen.""I will be back to pick you up after school is out."“Why? We can just walk back home." I tell him. “Your grandmother insists.and you will not be going back to the pack house; you will be going to her house." He tells us. As he gets back in the limo and drives off. Mackie and I walk into school just as the bell rings. and we run to our first hour.


KESKA: The bell rang for lunch. I gathered up my books and headed for my locker, which is in the middle of the back wall. So, it's like an E shape turned upside down with more lines in the middle than just one, and of course, mine is on the back wall. Mackie's is in the middle of the middle row. After putting my books away, I headed towards Mackie's locker. As I round the corner to the aisle where her locker is, I hear some of Jessie's cronies, they seem to be picking on someone. "You need to know your place, stupid pathic omega, keep your eyes to yourself, and your head down stupid bitch""What is going on here?" I say as I am coming around the corner. "It has nothing to do with you, so stay out of it." Jessie says to me.“It has everything to do with me, Jessie. I will not let you bully pack members, and I don't think Father will like it either." I tell her. “Stay out of my business, or it will be you on the receiving end."“I usually am anyway,so I will not let you do the same to others, even if I have to get
father and mom involved." Jessie just stares hard at me. “Let's go,girls.”Then turning to the girl, "If you so much as breathe in his direction, I will destroy you." She turns and walks away with her posse of wanna be's. I link Mackie, *“You close?” “Yeah, what's up"“Jessie threatened a student,I am down your aisle."“Be there in a sec."* I close the link, and I turn to look at the girl. "Hey, what's your name?" I ask her. “Betsy.” She says,keeping her eyes on the floor, just then Mackie shows up. I nod at her.“Betsy, do you have anyone to sit with for lunch?" I ask her, "No.”“Well,now you do, and you don't have to keep looking down. I am not going to hurt you or let my sister hurt you." "She will be mad, and she will get me when you are not around." She says. “No, she won't, come on, let's go get some lunch." Mackie links me, *"What's up?" “Betsey here is going to join us for lunch. and I am going to give her some pointers on who to talk to about Jessie."* I link back. *“You know if she gets wind of it, you are going to be in so much trouble with her." "I don't really care,one of the stipulations for father to get the pack was no bullying, and Jessie is one of the biggest." “True that."* Mackie quickly goes to her locker,and we head for the lunchroom.


KESKA: After getting our food, we find a table that's towards the back and out of the way so we can eat in peace. "Betsey." I say in a soft voice,“Yes.""Do you remember the old Beta from the old alpha?" I ask her, "Not so much, but my dad talks about him all the time." She tells me. "Good.the next time anyone bullies you, please go tell him, I don't care if you have to leave school to do it, just go report it to him." I tell her. "If I leave school, they will know I told on them." She says. "Then text him." I gave Beta Pierce's number to her. "Also, if you see anyone else getting bullied,please text him, bout keep it under wraps, I don't want everyone to know.and Jessie will get hers, because there was one thing that old alpha Carson despised was a bully, and father knows it." I tell her."Thank you for the help today." She says. "By the way, what was that all about,anyway?"I
ask her. "Seth Harpper, we have a class together and we are working on a group project together." She tells me. “Sorry, just try to keep as many people in your group between you as much as possible." I tell her. The bell rings to signal that lunch is over. I link Mackie, *“I am going to use the restroom before we head to class." "Ok. I will wait in the hallway for you."* I enter the bathroom and hear Dedi, one of Jessie's friends “Your sister is such a little bitch." “I know, right!" Jessie replies,“What happened to her face?" Marla asked. "Mimi Sutter slapped her."“What happened?”came Dedi's voice. “Mimi disowned her.”Jessie tells them, and I hear them all giggle. I left the bathroom without using it and made my way to where Mackie was waiting for me. "That was quick," she says."I didn't use it; Jessie and her minions were in there." As we started to head to class.we heard Marla's voice. “I don't blame her, who wants to be related to her anyway?!!"“Not me! That's for sure." Comes Jessie's reply. I feel the deep, harsh sting of a rejection again, so I raise my voice, "Hey Jessie." I call out, and she stops and turns to look at me. "What!?""I, Keska Sutter of Blue Crescent Pack, accept your rejection, Jessie Sutter of Blue Crescent Pack. Per your request, we are no longer sisters." I say as I felt the bond snap like an over-stretched rubber band. I watched as she fell to her knees.Wow I guess accepting a rejection no matter what kind it is,is a bitch. I would do it again, too, just to not have to feel the pain every time she rejects me as her sister. I turn and head to my next class.


JAMES: I felt a weird pain in my chest just after lunch, I linked Jessie to see if she was ok. *“Jessie, you, ok?” “I don't know, I think I fucked up big time." "What happened?""I was talking with my friends in the bathroom, and we were talking about Kes.""What did you say?"* I asked her.*“Well, Marla and Dedi wanted to know what happened to her, you know with the bruise and all, so I told them that Mimi rejected her, and slapped her." “Jessie, just get to the point!" “I might have said that I didn't want to be related to her." “YOU WHAT?""I think she overheard us.
because when we walked out, she was there and accepted the rejection,and said we are no longer sisters.""That hurt James, it hurt bad I fell to my knees, it hurt so bad." “Jessie. rejection and acceptance are instant karma."* I tell her. *"And as much as it hurt you, think how much more it hurt Kes, that was her second rejection in as many days."“Don't you go sticking up for her now!!""Not hardly but I am also not going to help you out of this mess either."*

###Chapter 13

CARLA: I had an uneasy feeling in my gut since lunch today. I was in a meeting to set the plans for the expansion of both the orphanage and the day care. When I felt a pain and then a dull ache. I can't explain it. so I left the meeting early to see Dr. Grant. "Luna, to what do I owe the pleasure?”“Hello, Dr. Grant. I am not sure. I felt this pain in my chest.and now it's a dull ache and an uneasy feeling in my gut. I don't know what's going on." I tell him. "Well, let's check you out." He says to me.After the exam,"Well, the good news is that there is nothing wrong with you, the bad news is I think that there was a rejection and an acceptance of said rejection of someone close to you." He tells me. "And that is what you were feeling. just go home and rest. you should feel better by dinner.""Thank you. Dr." I linked Drake as I left the doctor's office. "Drake, did you feel a pain in your chest earlier today around lunchtime?"“I felt something, can't really say it was a pain though, why?" “Well, I felt a pain.and now it's a dull ache. and I have this uneasy feeling in my gut. I just came from Dr. Grant. he thinks that someone close to me was rejected and the rejection was accepted. You don't think that one of the twins found their mate, do you, and rejected them?""It's too soon, they have two more months before they turn   18. so no, I don't." "But sometimes it can happen earlier than 18 for alphas.""True, but they have not shifted yet, so I don't think it's that, but we will talk to them when they get home from school."


KESKA: Finally, the bell ringssignaling the end of school. I make my way down to my locker to put what books I don't need away and grab the ones I have homework for, and then head over to Mackie's locker.“I am surprised that there weren't any repercussions from the Jessie issue."Mackie says to me. "Me too, but who knows it still may happen."“Are you going to do the same thing with your Mimi?" she asks as we head for the door. "Yes, but I am going to do it on our pack lands, I just wasn't
quick enough when it happened, and I didn't want to cause Adrian any more issues than what she already had caused, but they will be coming for the twin's birthday in a couple months, and then she will get hers." I say.“Oh,I want to be there for that, and I'm sure Nana will love it as well."She giggles. Stephen is waiting for us as we exit the school. We greet him as we get in the limo. "Good afternoon, girls, I trust you had a good day?""Well, let's just say it was an interesting day. I don't know that I would call it a good day." I say to him. “Oh?” Stephen asked as he got behind the wheel of the limo. "Yeah. Jessie was bullying one of the pack members.I put a stop to it by threatening to tell mom and father, then after lunch she rejected me as her sister, and I accepted it, so we will have to see what becomes of that." I tell him. "You need to let your grandmother know this when we get there." He states.


WYATT:"Why is my brat of a sister in the limo with your brat of a sister?"I ask James. "Because Nana sent Stephen for them this morning because it was raining, so now he is taking them home, Nana doesn't do things halfway." He tells me. "Do you think we can beat them home?”I ask.“Yeah sure, Stephen is a fuddy duddy and will follow all the traffic and speed limit signs, so no problem, but why?" he asked me. "If we beat them home. I can make her get snacks for Demi and make sure she does her homework, plus I forgot my football helmet." I tell him.

JAMES: I linked Jessie, *"Are you coming soon?"* I ask her. *“Yeah, just got to grab my business book." "Wyatt and I are waiting at the truck,so hurry your butt up."* I tell her. "Hey, what happened with you earlier today?”Wyatt asked me. "Jessie fucked up big time and I don't know how it's going to turn out.""What did she do?”“Rejected Kes, and Kes accepted it. which put Jessie on her knees.” I tell him. “Oh, shit that had to hurt, but what about Kes, won't she get in trouble?""I have no fucking clue." I tell him. “I'm here, let's go." Jessie says.
KESKA: James's truck goes flying by us as we wait our turn to exit the school lot, and like the childish snobs that the older twins are, he sticks his tongue out at me, like he is in a race and is winning. “It's a good thing Adrian isn't here to see his antics." I speak out loud to no one in particular. “Why is that?" Stephen asked. "He told me at his ceremony that if James doesn't grow up and start acting like an alpha should,then there would be no trade agreements between the packs." “Ouch, did you tell him. or anyone. that?" Mackie asks. “No. I'm not stupid. I am just going to let things play out. give them enough rope, and if James is too stupid to know and do the right thing, then that's on him, not me."I say.“And after what happened today with Jessie. let's hope that she finds her mate in a pack that can teach her how to behave and treat people right."Mackie states. “Only a couple more months till the twins' birthday and only a month and a half till graduation, and hopefully Jessie will find her mate.""We can only hope." Stephen replies.


KESKA: As we pull up in front of Nana's house, she is outside waiting for us. "Nana.” Both Mackie and I call out as we get out of the limo. "Good afternoon. girls. I hope you had a good day at school." Nana says. Mackie and I just look at each other and almost start to laugh. "What's so funny,girls?” She asks. "Well, Nana Keska here might end up introuble."Mackie says. Nana raised an eyebrow at me. "And why is that?" she asked."Because I accepted Jessie's rejection." I say nonchalantly as if it were an everyday occurrence."And when Mimi Sutter comes for the twins'birthday. I plan on accepting hers as well." I Say.“Hmmm,yes,well,come inside,you have homework and then some training with me." Nana states as if I didn't just drop a bomb.


KESKA: Mackie and I sit at the counter in the kitchen and start with our homework. Mackie is smart, she can code, she has started to do personal security for some of the kids at school to help keep bullies from getting
into lockers, she does charge a small fee for her service, $5.00-$ 10.00 per locker, depending on the grade of the student. I'm not as good with math,I like my health class the best, so I leave that homework last, and start with my math first. Mackie's phone starts pinging like crazy. **Where are you!!? Why aren't you home!!? You need to get snacks for Demi and make sure she does her homework!!** "What's up?" I ask her. “Wyatt is being a jerk like always." She tells me. “What's he want?”

###Chapter 14

KESK A:"Me to come home and look after Demi so he can go “Play”she says,putting the word play in air quotes."When we are done, I will come with you, tell him to just go, and you will check in on her when we are done.” I tell her. “OK.” I am at Nana's, just go, Demi is old enough and big enough to take care of herself. She sent back to him. Nana's? What are you doing there!!? You need to be here to take care of Demi!! “What's the problem, girls?" Nana asked.“Wyatt is being a baby, telling Mackie she has to go home to take care of Demi." I tell her. "Give me your phone."She says to Mackie, and she hands Nana her phone. ***Now pay attention young man.Mackie is doing her homework with Keska at my house,when she is done, she will return home to check on Demi. You can leave a note for her to come here if she needs help, until then let her be, or it will take longer for her to get things done. and therefore longer for her to get there, are we clear?*** Wyatt looks at James "I think I just pissed off your Nana." He tells James and hands his phone over to him to let him read the text message. "Naw, annoyed yeah but not mad.""What do I say to her?”“Apologize and just say that you were unaware she was going to do her homework there." **I'm sorry, Nana, I didn't know that Mackie wwas going to do her homework there. I will let her work in peace.**


**Good, now run along and go do whatever it was you were going to do.*Nana puts Mackie's phone down on the counter and walks over to put the tea kettle on.


WAYTT: "I have to go grab my helmet and we can go practice some of the new plays coach gave us." He runs upstairs, and a couple minutes later comes back with helmet in hand. "Let's go."


KESKA: It takes about an hour for us to get done with our homework.Then Nana has Stephen take us to the Gammas' house. "I will wait for
you."He tells us. Mackie and I go in, check on Demi, “Do you need any help with your homework, Demi?" Mackie asked her. “Yes, I amn having problems with both my math and health classes." It took us about 45minutes to get Demi through her homework, seeing as it was my and Mackie's best subjects. “Do you understand things better now?” I ask her.“I get it. I should be able to pass my test on Friday." She says. "Will you be ok until mom and dad get home, or do you want to come with us back to Nana's?” Mackie asked her. "What will you be doing at Nana's?”she asked. "Train." I say. "I'm good. I wilI stay home." She says, making a face at the training. "Then I guess it's back to Nana's," I say.


KESKA: We pull up to Nana's and exit the limo. "Out back," Nana calls out to us. We head out back to see that there is an obstacle course set up taking up most of the backyard. "When did you get this put in Nana?"I ask her.“Stephen just finished it today while you were in school." She tells us."Now you will start here at the back porch and work your way to the left, then back to the right. When you get to the balance beam, you will have to watch your timing." She tells us. "The first few times through, you can go at your own pace, but don't think you can dawdle, it's so you can get the feel of the course."She says.


JAMES:We hit the football field with some of the first-year players and practiced till around 5:30 when I got a link from Mom to come home for dinner. "Time to go." I tell Wyatt. "What's up?" "Mom just linked,time for dinner, so let's go." I tell him.


CARLA: I rested for the rest of the afternoon, then around 4:30, I headed to the kitchen and consulted with the cook on what to make for dinner.We will have T-bone steaks, asparagus, and green beans in the air fryer.and sweet potato fries in the air fryer. It's the twins' favorite meal,and if something bad actually did happen at school today, I want them to have some comfort food to ease them. At 5:30, I link James to come home for
dinner, then I link Jessie to see where she is. "Jessie, are you home, dlear?""Yes, Mom, I'm in my room. Why?”“Dinner will be ready in half an hour.”“OK,I will be down."


DRAKE: Carla links me that dinner is ready and that we are having the twins' favorite dinner tonight. I leave my office and head towards the stairs when I catch sight of some movement out the front window.“Carla.when did your mother get an obstacle course?"“I don't know. why?”“I'm seeing things in her backyard." “What kind of things?"“High poles.something swinging that I can't make out from here.""I will link her later,for now.come eat."


DRAKE: I enter the family dining room and take my place at the head of the table; the kids all take their places around the table. "So, anything interesting happen at school today?" I ask. Both Lissa and Liam started to tell me how their day went, and that Liam had to break up a fight between two of their classmates. "What happened to cause the fight in the first place?" I asked. "Mich said that his older brother was going to be the next Beta cause he was dating Star. Ben said that he would only be Beta if they were mates, and they got into a fight over it, and I had to step in and break it up. I told Mich that Ben was right, only if they were mates, would he get to be beta. Mich wasn't happy to hear that." "You did good, Liam, I'm proud of you." I say to my youngest son. "James. Jessie, what about you? Anything happen at your school?" They both froze in their seats, not really wanting to answer. "Did either one of you find your mates?"“NO."they both say. "We haven't shifted yet, so how could we have found our mates?"James states. "Sometimes with alphas, things don't always happen on the same timeline as it does for others." I tell them.


CARLA: “Drake, let it go, they said no, let's just eat. ok?" “Ok, dear." After dinner. I linked my mother to ask her about what Drake saw. "Mother.did you get an obstacle course put in your backyard?" "Yes." Is all she
says.

KESKA: Mackie and I run the course a few times each, watching each other's performances, and helping coach each other. With Nana there watching everything as we went. "Now, when you ge to the upright poles.you will have to jump to the next higher one." She tells us. "Jump from like a squat


up to the next one." Nana coaches us as we run the course. We run the course for about the next hour hour and a half. when Nana finally calls a halt to training. "Girls. I want you here three times a week working on this.I don't care what three days, but make it consistent." Nana tells us. Then Stephen takes us home. Dinner is over when I walk through the pack house to the kitchen.
###Chapter 15

KESKA: I go to the fridge to see if there are any leftovers from dinner.and I see a plate with my name, written in the cook's hand. I take it out and pop it in the microwave to heat up,sitting at the kitchen counter, I eat my dinner, then head up to bed. I am exhausted. I got up the next morning still feeling sore from the workout from the day before and the rejection I got from Jessie. I turn my alarm off before it has a chance to ring and head to my bathroom for a long shower. How do I want to do this. Monday. Tuesday, Thursday. or Monday. Wednesday, Friday?I will have to discuss it with Mackie. I finished getting ready for school, I changed the bandage on my arm, and headed downstairs. I walk into the kitchen to the smell of bacon and eggs cooking.“Good morning. Sarah."I say to the cook. "Good morning. Keska. I hope you found your dinner last night.""I did. thank you, it was delicious, but why did we have the twins'favorite meal?"“I don't know, your mother came home early yesterday and then at 4:30 came and asked me to make it." "Was she ok? Mom,I mean.""I think so. she did seem a bit out of sorts." "But come sit, I have breakfast ready for you." She tells me. Halfway through my breakfast, the twins came pilinginto the kitchen. "Where were you yesterday brat.”James says to me. "Why, did you miss me?”"No.”"Then what do you care where I was?" Before he could reply, both mom and father came into the kitchen. "Are you ok, Mom?" I asked her, "I am fine,dear,why?”“Sarah said that you seemed out of sorts yesterday. I am just worried for you, that's all." I tell her. "I am fine." She pats my hand, and before anyone else can say anything. I head out the door, jump on my bike, and head over to Mackie's. "Hey, you ready?" I link her. “Yeah, just heading out now."“At leastit's not raining today." I say to her. "Yeah, happy for that."“Did anything happen last night, you know, with the whole Jessie issue?” she asked me. "I think Mom felt the bond snap." I tell her as we are riding to school. "Why, what happened?""Sarah said that she came
home early and was in her room resting most of the afternoon, and then told her to make the twins' favorite meal." "That is so messed up." She says. “Yeah, well, it is what it is, and we can't change what happened."I tell her."But we do have to figure out a schedule for our week with Nana."I tell her."I think I would like to go today and then again on Thursday.that way Wednesday and Friday are still open for Aikido and archery."She says. "Ok, then we have a plan." I say. We get to school and make it to class before the first bell rings.


KESKA: We get through school without too much of an issue. Betsy did tell us that Jessie did start picking on her again. but she did let Beta Pierce know this time. and she had the wherewithal to record Jessie bullying her and sent the recording to him as well. I told her she did good.and not to worry. After school. Mackie and I headed to Nana's to do our homework and training.


CALEN: I received a text and a recording from an unknown number, but when I listened to the recording, I knew the voice. I am furious, he said he would not let bullying happen in this pack, and yet here is his own daughter being a bully. I head straight to his office and confront him with the recording.


DRAKE: I hear a loud knock on my office door, and before I can answer it,
it becomes a pounding. "Come in." I call out. My office door opens with a bang and Beta Pierce is standing in front of me looking very pissed off."Beta Pierce, what can I do for you?" I ask him. "You promised Carson that there would be no bullying in this pack! You swore to it!" "I have kept my word to my uncle. I do not allow bullying." I said to him. “Really?! Then what the hell is this?" he presses a button on his phone, and I hear a female voice, it sounds vaguely familiar, then a second voice, again sounds vaguely familiar, and then a third voice that I know all too well. "So,you have kept your promise? It does not sound like it to me, and one of the
instigators is your own daughter!" he bellows at me. "I will fix this." I tell him."I am not going anywhere until I am satisfied that you do!" He tells me.


KESK A: We get through our homework and head out to start running the course. I only get halfway through my second run when I get a link from father telling me to get home now! "Nana, I have to go father is linking me and he seems pretty pissed.""Very well, go. I will see you on Thursday."“Mackie, I will contact you later." I say as I rush over to my bike and head for the pack house. "I'm here." I call out as I walk into the house. "MY OFFICE NOW!" My father bellows. I head up to the second floor where his office is. I knock. "ENTER!" I walk in and see all my siblings sitting around his office.


DRAKE: “You all know the promise I made to your great-uncle Carson.correct?" They all answer "yes.""Then why was Beta Pierce in my office today shortly after lunch with a recording of someone being bullied?" I look at all my children, and I can see confusion on all but two of their faces, which tells me that not only Jessie, but Keska as well, are part of this fiasco."You do realize that if this were to continue that there would be no pack for us, and we would have to hope that Moon Rise would take us in."I know my words are harsh, but they need to know that this is serious!And not some joke that they can just laugh off. I watched their faces again,and I could see Jessie blanch. Keska remains calm and stoic, which tells me Keska was expecting this, and Jessie didn't think she would get caught.I am in some ways shocked that it is Jessie and not Keska. "I want the truth! Why was someone being bullied in school, and by one of you?!"


JAMES: “I didn't do any bullying; I always try to stop it if I see it happening." I tell Dad.

LIAM:"I don't bully. I even broke up a fight because of bullying. Itold
you about it yesterday at dinner, remember?”I tell him.

LISSA: "I didn't, and I don't bully, so it wasn't me."

DRAKE: Both Keska and Jessie stay silent. “Jessie? Keska?”

KESK A: Yeah, right, James, only when it doesn't concern me, jerk. I think to myself and just stay silent.


JESSIE: Shit I'm in trouble. “She was trying to take my boyfriend, I just warned her off. is all. I wasn't bullying her." I tell my dad. And just glare at Keska. I am so mad at her right now I want to just beat the crap out of her for getting me in trouble.

###Chapter 16

DRAKE: "Your boyfriend?!" I seethed at her,"You nearly cost us the pack over a boy?""And one that isn't even your mate!" I practically yell at her."I could figure something out if it were your mate, but not for some random boy!""I'm sorry Daddy." she says to me. I am fuming.“You will not be doing any extracurricular activities for the next two weeks, and you will give a sincere public apology to the young girl in question." I tell Jessie.“That's not fair Daddy." She starts to cry at me. "What about Keska?What punishment does she get for being a tattletale?"


JAMES: *“Jessie. shut up!* I link her. *“If you keep going, you're going to get in more trouble."* I tell her.

DRAKE: "What do you mean by that. Jessie?" I asked her. "She went and told beta Pierce that I was bullying that girl. I didn't bully her, I just warned her to stay away from my boyfriend, that's a I did, I swear."I know there is more going on here, I just need to get to the bottom of it."Go get dinner." I tell them. “Keska stay." I tell her.


KESKA: “Yeah, here we go again."I think to myself. "**I didn't tell** Beta Pierce anything."


DRAKE:What do you know about what happened?" I ask her."I was on my way to Mackie's locker, yesterday, as I turned down the aisle where her locker is I heard Marla's and Dedi's voices, then as I got closer I seen that the both of them and Jessie, had an omega freshman cornered I did what I could to stop them, I told Jessie that I would tell both mom and you if she didn't stop, but **I also told** Betsy to contact beta Pierce if Jessie did it again." She tells me. "And obviously she did." “Why not just come and tell me about it, instead of getting beta Pierce involved?""Because without proof, you would not have believed me, considering it is
Jessie, you would have just brushed it off and put it down to me being jealous,and Betsy would still be getting bullied by Jessie." She says.“Go get dinner." I tell her. I watch as she leaves my office. When did I let Jessie get to be so high and mighty? I thought to myself.


CARLA: *Drake, come to dinner, it's ready, oh, and I did link mother, she said that she did put in an obstacle course, for what purpose she did not say.* I linked my mate.


DRAKE: *Coming, dear.* I link back to her. I also need to come up with a punishment for Keska. she should have come to me! Instead, she gets beta Pierce involved in this; she, too, needs to be punished for that alone, with the threat of losing the pack hanging over our heads, she needs to know better. I head down for dinner.


DRAKE: I thought about everything on my way down for dinner, and I have changed my mind about some things. "Keska, for instigating this mess, you will do a week of hard training with the elite Deltas, and Jessie,it will only be one week of no extracurricular activities, but you will still make the public apology." "Do I make myself clear?" I say. "Yes, daddy.”Jessie answers, “Yes, Father." Keska answers.


KESKA: I link Mackie. *"Well, the verdict is in I get a week of hard training with the elite Deltas, and Jessie gets no extracurricular activities for a week and has to make a public apology.""How is that even fair?"* she sends back. *Well, it is what it is; the fact that she has to apologize is well worth it alone, and I don't mind, except for the fact that I will miss training with you and Nana. I will have to let her know that at some point in time, I will not be able to do my training with her to do my punishment.
* I close the link.

DRAKE: “James, I called you out for tomorrow at school. I told them you
had pack business to attend to with me. they will send your lessons home with Jessie tomorrow."


JAMES: “Ok,Dad.""Do we know when Alpha Camron will be here?”I asked Dad. "Not the exact time. but he said he would try to be here maybe by eight thirty in the morning." He tells me.

KESKA: I open a link to Nana. *“Nana. I will not be able to train with you and Mackie sometime in the near future, as Jessie and I are being punished."“Punished for what?""Jessie was bullying someone at school.and I got beta Pierce involved by telling the student in question to tell him about it." “So. what is your punishment?" “I have a week of hard training with the elite Deltas." "What is Jessie's punishment?" “A week of no extracurricular activities, and she has to make a public apology." “Oh, she does not get to go to cheerleading! Well. I guess, it hits her where it hurts her the most.""I have to go. Nana. I love you.""Love you too."* I close the link.


KESKA: "Father? When do I start my training? I mean, do I start Monday.or do I start tomorrow? I just want clarification, and does it include the weekend if I start tomorrow?""Make her start tomorrow and go through the weekend." Jessie says. Of course, she would not want me to not have the weekend, but again I don't mind because the sooner I get started,the sooner I get it done, plus I like to train, the more I know the better I will be in a fight to help defend the pack. Jessie cries if she gets a hangnail."Enough Jessie." Father says.


"You will do your week, the first week of summer break, I don't want you missing school." He says. “May I be excused? I am done with dinner."“Yes.”


LIAM: I link Keska, *“Dad is being unfair to you, why don't you say
something?""It wouldn't do me any good Liam, now you know where Jessie gets it from, she is his pride and joy, then James, then Lissa then you,he forgets that he has me, unless James or Jessie blame me for something that they did. don't fret about it, I like to train, so it's not a punishment to me. in fact it lets me get to see how we train considering my training ended at the end of last year. Lissa's will end at the end of next year. But sshhh, don't tell." "My lips are sealed."* I grin at her, and she smiles back.


KESKA: I get up, carry my dishes to the kitchen, and place them in the sink. When I turn around to leave. Jessie is right in my face. “You will get yours.you bratty bitch!" "Careful. Jessie. you don't want to start something you can't win." I tell her quietly. She raises her hand to slap me, but I step backwards and to the same side as the hand she used, so all she connects with is air. Before she can recover. I step around the end of the island. "And if you are not careful, I will let Mom know just what she felt yesterday." I tell her and walk out of the kitchen. I walk through the dining room and head up the stairs to go to bed. I link Nana again, **Nana my punishment will start the first week of summer break.”“Alright,dear."*


KESKA: I wae to the sound of my alarm going off. I shut it off, get up.and start getting ready for school. Once I am dressed, I look for my backpack, and remember that I left it at Nana's yesterday, as I left in a hurry to get home. *"Mackie,"* I link her, *“Yeah?” “Meet me at Nana's.I forgot my backpack yesterday.""Ok I will meet you there."* I close the link and head downstairs for breakfast. "Morning Sarah" I say to the cook.“Morning, Keska, is there something you would like to have for breakfast?""Nothing special, Sarah, just whatever you were going to make is fine." I tell her. She had started pancakes and made sausage, bacon, and eggs easy over, so the yoke was still runny, and toast. Halfway through breakfast,the rest of the family comes trapsing in, to take their seats at the table. "I have
to leave a bit early today.” I say out loud to no one in particular. “Why is that?" my father asked, "I left my backpack with all my homework at Nana's yesterday, as I had to rush home for our meeting." I state. “Then you better get going, I don't want you late for school" Mom says. I finish breakfast and take my dishes into the kitchen, put them in the sink,head out the back door, grab my bike, and head to Nana's. *“Mackie, I'm on my way to Nana's now."* I link her. *“ok I'll meet you there."*
###Chapter 17

CAMRON: We pull up to the gate of the Blue Crescent Pack, and let the guard know that I am here to see Alpha Drake and soon-to-be Alpha James. I must say the gate was impressive, 8 feet high, black wrought iron.with the pack emblem on it. It slid open. and the guard on duty instructed us to follow the roadway in front of us, "You will pass about 5 cottage houses, then the road will snake back around on itself to the right,continue to follow it and it will lead you to the front of the pack house."He said. I thanked him. To the left of us, I see a thick copse of trees with a dirt road that cuts through it. We follow the directions the guard gave us.and as we get to the last cottage. I see a familiar figure. “Chase, stop the car"I tell my driver he pulls over immediately.


KESKA: I was at Nana's front door waiting for her to answer my knock when I heard my name being called behind me. I turned to see who was calling me. "Alpha Camron." I say as he comes up the path to Nana's. He reaches us just as Nana opens the door. "Keska?" Nana asks,"Nana,I forgot my backpack yesterday, and this is Alpha Camron."I introduced him. "He is here for a meeting with Father and James." I tell her."Alpha Camron, this is my Nana Lilly Brookes, and this is"but before I can say Mackie's name. "Mackie. It is nice to meet you." He says and holds out his hand to shake hers. "It's nice to meet you as well, Alpha Camron." Mackie shakes his hand, and then he shakes Nana's. "I moved your backpack to the front room. Go get it." Nana tells me. "Alpha Camron, it's nice to meet you. How is it that you know my grand pup?"“We met at Alpha Adrian's swearing-in ceremony, and with a bit of an embarrassing confrontation."“Oh? She didn't mention that." “Sorry Nana." I say as I come back to the door."I quite uanderstand, it is a bit of a complicated tale to tell." He says.“We do have to go, but it was nice to see you again, Alpha, and hello to you Cereus." I say. "Hello, Keska." I hear a deep, gravelly voice come from
Alpha Camron. "Would you like to come in for tea and tell me this complicated tale?" I hear Nana ask Alpha Camron, as we get on our bikes and head to school. "I wish I had the time right now, but I have a meeting with the Alpha and Alpha apparent." he tells her. “That is ok. I will be here, you can stop back when you are done." She tells him.“I would very much like that."He tells her.

MACKIE: “He's handsome." I say to Keska. “Yes, he is.” She answers back.

CAMRON: I get back in my car and we continue to the pack house.I notice that the copse of trees continued from the gate at the back of the cottages. almost as if it were a small nature reserve it was maybe a block and a half deep from the end of the back yards to the road we followed.The pack house itself was an impressive structure; it stood five stories high and was in the shape of a square. It is the same color bricks as Moon Rise pack's. wwith the medium red. light red. and cream-colored bricks.I can see three smaller square buildings. two at the back corners, and one at the middle of the right-hand side as you are looking at the front of the pack house, they are three stories high. It is an interesting configuration, to say the least. As we pull up Alpha Drake, Luna Carla, and Alpha heir apparent James are all on the front steps waiting for me. As Chase stops the car, one of their staff opens the door for me.

DRAKE: "Alpha Camron, welcome to Blue Crescent Pack. I hope your travels went well." I say to him as he exits his car. "Yes, all went well,thank you."“You remember my Luna Carla? And this is my son James." I say as an introduction, "Yes, of course, Luna Carla, James." He says as he shakes hands with my mate and son. "Was there a problem on the road?"I ask him. "No. Why do you ask?" "Just that it took you a bit longer to get to the pack house from the gate." I say to him.“Oh, no, I happened to see Keska at one of the cottages and stopped to greet her and met Luna Carla's mother." He says.
DハAハL. on,t nope shc diun t uctam you foi some tivial issue.	sdy him as I lead the way into the pack house. "No. I just saw her and wanted to greet her." He tells me. "Come, let me show you around a bit." I offer.


CAMRON:“Sure, I have never seen a pack house in the configuration of a square before." I say to him. "Yes to be sure, my uncle took after his mother, my grandmother, he loved to garden, and he decided to build the pack house around his garden, so the center is the garden, it's about a half a block square done in a meditative design only it's done with flowers.and not hedges. hence the square. It's the color of the bricks outside that ties the two packs together as sister packs." He explains to me. The first floor is the entry across the front, which faces south. The southeast side is divided into a party/gaming area off the entry, and a large dining area off the north side for the pack members. The north side is all kitchen.industrial size, everything. The west side is divided into the private dining area,off the north for the alpha family, and a formal ballroom off the entry.Both the east and west sides have French doors that open to the outside.and all the insides have a door to the garden and several windows to look out onto the garden. Between the two outer buildings, there is a pool on the east side. “What are the other buildings?" I ask him. “They are the pack quarters, and warriors' quarters if they wish to stay in them."He tells me.


DRAKE: "Shall we get down to business?" "Yes." "Follow me." I lead the way to the second floor; my office is halfway down on the west side of the house. It has a splendid view of the garden from the interior with a large picture window overlooking it. It hasa picture window on the west wall to look outside. My desk sits so that my back is to the south, and I have two chairs facing my desk, and about two feet behind them, I have a couch facing north with a coffee table in front of it and a few more chairs facing the couch. As we enter. I motion for us to move to the couch and chairs so
that we can be more comfortable for the meeting. “I'm curious to know what you want with the slag ore?" I ask him."I am working on a way to reuse it and make less waste from those who manufacture things from the raw mineral ore. I have most of the bugs worked out, but I need to test it,hence the offer." He says. "Well, I am more than happy to help with the process. less waste and better for the environment, I am all for it.”“Good to hear it." He says.

###Chapter 18

JAMES:"What things can you do with the end product?" I asked him.“There are some minerals still left behind in the slag ore and I extract them,and what is left after that process can be mix with fertilizer to enrich the soil, and sold back to the farmers, and the other is a more suitable material usable for electronic components reducing our need for copper." He says


DRAKE: I pull out the contract for all of us to sign. Camron takes it from me and starts to read it through. "I kept the baseline that we had already agreed on all the same." I told him. "Good, I may change the transportation aspect to this." He tells me. “Ok, what were you thinking about for the transportation?""I want my people to do all the transportation. as there is a specific test that has to be done to haul a waste product per the human regulations. and I will have all my people trained to do that test so that the suppliers don't have to do any of the extra training for it." He says. "Fair enough." I reply. When he gets to the specific page with the transportation on it, he takes the pen and draws a line through what it said and writes what he needed it to be, then he puts his initials to it, then I did the same and had James do so as well."I will fax this over to the lawyer's office to get the changes made. We should have it back before lunch, and then we can all sign it." "Sounds good."

CAMRON: "So James, how did your season go?" I asked him. "It went well.I also believe we will win most of our games next season as well." He tells me."Why is that?" “Coach implemented a new training tactic, of having us practice year-round, so that the outgoing class can help bring up the incoming newbies." He tells me. "Smart tactic, but how well does it work?I would think that the seniors would all be needing to get jobs." I stated.“For the most part, well enough, we take the summer off after school to just chill and then go for jobs in the fall, or go off to college for some, so it
works out ok." He says.

DRAKE: "Would you like to see the rest of the house, while we wait?" I ask him. "I would like that." He states. "The second floor here is the offices, and guest rooms for visiting dignitaries, the third floor is for visiting dignitaries and their families. The fourth floor is for the Beta and Gamma families. The fifth floor is for the Alpha families." I tell him as we walk around the house."And every floor has a view of the garden.”“Alpha families?" He questions. "Yes. when my brother or my parents stay.they are on the fifth floor as well." I tell him. "Every side of the square is a residence, or it can be half and half, if needed." "So does the Gamma family live in the pack house?" He asked. "No, they have opted to have their own house." I tell him.“Why do you ask?""I met Keska's friend this morning. Mackie. I believe she said. and I felt she was ranked. and I recall her talking about her friend at the ceremony." He says. “Yeah, those two are thick as thieves." I tell him with a chuckle.


CAMRON: (If he only knew the half of it.) I thought to myself.


DRAKE: The contract is back and waiting for us when we return from the house tour. I again handed it over to Alpha Camron to read through to ensure that the changes he wanted were correct, and then sign. He takes his time to read it over thoroughly. Takes the pen I offer him and signs the contract, then hands it to my son to sign. James takes the contract and signs it, and hands it to me, I take the time to do a quick scan of it to make sure nothing else has been changed, then I sign it.


CAMRON: "I noticed you didn't read the contract James." "I was brief before it went for revisions, I trust my dad and you." he tells me. "Thank you for the trust, but you should still reread it just in case someone missprinted something or added something that shouldn't be there."I say.He nods his head thoughtfully.
CARLA: I have an omega take a cart with coffee, tea, water, soda,creamer.and sugar to the Alpha's office. I knock on the door "Enter." I hear my mate say. "I thought I would bring up some refreshments for you." I say as I bringin the cart. "Thank you dear." My mate says to me."Thanks Mom." Says James. "Thank you Luna." Says Alpha Camron. I just smile in response to them. "Alpha Camron? If I may be so bold as to ask,do you have your luna yet?""No. Luna Carla, I have not found her yet. Why do you ask?""We are going to be hosting a mating ball coinciding with James and Jessie's 18th birthday. I would like it if you would come and bring 5each unmated female and male wolves with you in hopes that they and the twins may find their mates." I say.


CAMRON: "I would be honored to come. what would the rules be for the ball?" I asked her. as each pack sets its own rules on its territory. "Dressy.but not formal. but also no mating until the night after the full moon." She replies,"Don't want a bunch of rejected wolves." She says. "I fully agree."I say. nodding my head.


KESK A: The morning flew by; Mackie and I are sitting with Betsy again for lunch just to be on the safe side with her. "How have things been going for you?" I asked her. "Fine. I think Seth is pulling stuff to get Jessie's attention, though, and he doesn't realize that he is getting others in trouble with her." She says. "Oh, what kind of things is he doing?" I asked her. "He purposely gets too close to the females in the study group.especially when he knows she is around." She says."When is your next study group?" I asked her. "We are meeting at the library tonight. and then again tomorrow to put the finishing touches on the presentation for Friday." She says. "Thank you,I guess I will be showing up to your study group if for nothing else to set him straight." I say. "Jessie will have to apologize to you publicly sometime tomorrow. Friday, or next week, in front of witnesses, so that it gets back to Beta Pierce, which is part of her
punishment." I tell her. “Oh, goddess, she is going to hate me.”“Don't worry.we only have a month and a half left. and then she will be done,and then the next few years will be smooth sailing." I say. The bell rang.signaling lunch was over. "I wonder how the meeting went with your dad and Alpha Camron?" Mackie said as we got up and headed to our next class. “I hope it went well, and that James didn't make an ass of himself."I said to her.


CARLA: "Would you like to stay for lunch?"I ask him with a hopeful smile. "I would like that very much." He returns the smnile. We all stand to leave the office, and head down to the family dining room, to have a light lunch of sandwiches and a salad. and a choice of French onion,tomato basil, or beer cheese soup. "Our cook. Sarah, is known for her mastery of light lunches." I tell him. "Mmm! This is incredibly good. What is the salad dressed with?" He asked. "Sarah's secret dressing, she won't tell anyone the recipe." I tell him. "And the French onion soup? I don't believe I have ever had anything like it, it is absolutely DeVine." He says.“Thank you. I will let Sarah know." I tell him.

###Chapter 19

CAMRON: "I must take my leave. it was a pleasure meeting you again Luna Carla, James." I say shaking their hands, “Pleasure doing business with you Alpha Drake." I say as I shake hands with him.“Pleasure is all mine, thank you." He escorts me to the front door where Chase is waiting at the car for me. Before I get in the car I ask,"Alpha Drake would you be so kind as to link your mother-in-law and see if she is still open for tea.please?" He seemed a bit perplexed but did as I asked.


DRAKE: “Lilly. Alpha Camron is still wondering if the invitation for tea is still open?"“Of course it is. I want to hear his story." "What story is that?"“How he met Keska." "She is more than happy to have you." I tell Camron.“Thank you. Alpha Drake." I stand and watch as he gets in his car.and they drive off.


CAMRON: "Did they offer you anything to eat Chase?" I asked my driver“Yeah. I had a sandwich piled high with roasted pork and a salad that had some awesome dressing on it and water." "What did it taste like, the dressing I mean."“It was a little sweet, a little tangy, and creamy. It was some of the best dressing I have ever tasted." "I have to agree, it was unbelievably delicious. We are going to go to the cottage that we stopped at this morning."“Ok.”

CAMRON: We pull up to the first cottage and park the car. The place was a small two-story building, I am not great with architecture so I couldn't tell you if it was a Cape Cod or a Colonial. I just know it was quaint and clean, with faux shutters and a peaked roof. It reminded me of a Kinkade painting of the little white house with the picket fence, only she had no fence. It had nice curb appeal. The front door opened as Chase and I were getting out of the car.
LILLY:“Welcome Alpha Camron, welcome, come in."“And who might you be?" I asked the man who accompanied him. "My name is Chase, Ma'am."“Pushaw, no need to be so formal, young man, just call me Miss Lilly or Nana.""My but aren't the two of you a handsome sight.”


CAMRON: “Thank you, Miss Lilly." I say to ease my driver. And take the attention off of him. She led us into her house, the front door opened to the sitting/living room, which took up the whole front of the house. To the left of the door, there was a staircase going up. Along the stairs, there was a hallway that led to the kitchen I could see from the door. She brought us into the living room. "Sit, sit."“What kind of tea would you like? I have all kinds. Dandelion. Chi. Earl Grey, green, chickery. I can even do a special-order blend if you have one you especially like." "I am curious.what does Keska like to drink?" I asked her. "My grand pup likes a mix of horehound and chi." She answers.


CAMRON: "I will try that." I teller. "I am fine with just water.”Chase tells her. "Is there anything I can do to help?" I asked her. “Yes,actually,you can come reach the herbs down for me. My man servant is out running some errands for me." She states. She leads the way down the long hallway, and I notice a couple closed doors along the way. "That one is a closet." She says and points to the first door. It's under the stairway."The second is my bedroom, across the hall is the dining area, and the bathroom is there." She points to an open door between her bedroom and the kitchen. All of the interior is painted in a soft, light color palette. As I fallow her to the kitchen I notice she is not a small woman by any means,I am 6'7" and built like a pro football player, she is at least 5' 10", she has hazel eyes and still has auburn hair streaked with grey, she was still a very handsome woman, and looked like she could still give some of the warriors a run for their money. I can see Keska at that age looking at her.The kitchen is large and open, with an island centered between the sink
and the stove. The sink is like an old farmhouse sink, there are cupboards high and low for storage. and prep. I noticed she has a copper tea kettle.


LILLY: He follows me into the kitchen and looks around. I point to a cupboard next to the stove. "The horehound is in there on the second shelf to the left. I will need to start it with the water in the kettle to bring out its natural sweetness." I notice the slight wince he makes. “Don't worry, it's not real sweet. think of molasses, in terms of sweetness." I tell him. He walks over to the cupboard and gets down the herb bundles. “I'm sorry. I have no idea what is what." He tells me. "No need to worry. I do.I just needed you to reach it down for me." I fill the kettle with water and take the bundle of horehound out and hand it back to him to put back.And start the kettle. "Would you like to talk in here or go back out to the front room?" I ask. "Here is just as good as there." "Call your man then,so he can be a little more comfortable with eyes on his Alpha." I tell him.He chuckles but calls his man. "Now, tell me how you met my grand pup."


CAMRON: "I was just walking around the grounds near the Pack house when Alpha Drake spotted me. I stopped to chat with him about today's meeting,then as we were separating. I caught her scent, very light but there none the less, so I went in search of whoever it might have been that was eavesdropping on our conversation." I start to tell her, as the back door opens and a tall man with dark brown hair and green eyes, he has a swimmer's build, enters through the door with some bags, not groceries but fresh vegetables as if he had been to the farmers market, and herbs.“Ah, Stephen, there you are. Were you able to get everything I needed?"she asked him. This must be her manservant; he was just as tall as I was.“Not everything. Miss Lilly. I circled the ones they did not have, for you."He answers her. "Oh well. Come sit, this is Alpha Camron, and his man.Chase." She inatroduces us. He shakes hands with both of us. "He is telling me how he met Keska." "Please continue." She says. "I found her at the
table where they were putting out deli meats and snacks. Well, I just came up behind her and picked her up." “Oh, that was definitely a mistake."she says with a chuckle. The tea kettle starts to whistle. and she gets up and busies herself getting the tea for us.
20

CAMRON: “I found that out the hard way." I tell her. "My grand pup takes Aikido." She tells me. I take a sip of the tea. "Mmm, this is good. not too sweet, just enough to balance the chi." She just smiles.“Well,that all makes sense now. Well, she threw her head backwards and I was just quick enough to move my head and raise her slightly, so she only connected with my eye. instead of my nose,then she elbowed me in the ribs, and then dropped all her weight to her feet. I dropped her, she spun around and immediately took a defensive stance." I just chuckle remembering it now. "She is a Brookes." She says to me."I have a question for you, though." “What is it?" "She spoke to your wolf. Why is that?”“She was just being polite. after the confrontation at the food table.I spoke with Alpha Drake. got ice for my eye, and then went to go find her again to apologize to her. I asked her to dance, she did accept, but she wouldn't look me in the eye." "She knows not to disrespect her elders or her betters." She tells me. I smile at her. "So, Cercus spoke to her, to let her know that she was not disrespecting us." I told her. She just smiled at the story. "I can see why she left it out of her narration to me." She says,"I quite enjoyed that story. Sorry that you were hurt, but now you know not to sneak up on her." She chuckles at me. I finished my tea. "Thank you for the tea, but I must be going now, I have


several hours' drive to get back to my pack." "Thank you for the story,I will see you out.”

CHASE:“May I ask why you have an obstacle course in your backyard?"“Of course, I am training Keska and Mackie how to take down a Lycan."She says unexpectedly, like it's no big deal.“Wait,you are that,Brookes?"he asked like he was enamored. "Yes, young man, I am that Brookes,but sshh, don't tell anyone." She chuckles at him.
CAMRON: She escorts us to the front door and sees us out. "Alpha, do you know who we just spent the last hour with?" He asked me as we were heading out of the pack gates. “Alpha Drake's mother-in-law? Who?”“No.well yes, but the Brookes are the only werewolves that the royal Lycans have on their royal guard, because her grandfather killed a rogue Lycan.all by himself, that's almost impossible, for a wolf to kill a Lycan." He said very animatedly. Interesting, as she said that she was training Keska and Mackie, not James. or the rest of the family, makes me wonder if there is more going on.



KESK A: Finally, the last bell of the day. I headed down to my locker to switch out my books and headed over to Mackie's locker."I am looking forward to getting on that obstacle course and taking my frustrations out on it." I say to her. "I am curious to know what Alpha Camron told your Nana."She tells me. "Bad day?" "Yes and no. I had history, and we were discussing why the Brookes were on the royal guard, seems both James and Jessie told the tale, and told it wrong."


KESKA: "What do you mean?" she asked me. "Instead of them telling it like it was, they told everyone that it was Nana, not Nana's grandfather."I tell her. "So now I am a liar, and to fix it, I am going to have to have Nana come and set the teacher straight." I tell her. "Oh great,another screw up by the twins that you have to fix, will it ever end?" "No, because James and Jessie will never stop bragging and exaggerating.”****What are you talking about me for?'*** I hear Jessie's voice coming from behind me.“Because it seems that you and James have a bad habit of exaggerating facts." I tell her. "I do not!”"Then why does Mr. Greyson believe that Nana killed that Lycan and not her grandfather? I now have to have Nana come and set him straight, so that he can teach it right." I tell her. Jessie just tries to slap me again, and just like last time. I dodged her. “Knock it
off. Jessie, you are not the elder Mrs. Sutter. I don't have to let you hit me.""You little bitch, you will get yours! I can't wait till you have your punishment." She flips her hair and walks away to her friends at the end of the aisle. "Let's go." I say to Mackie, "I have an appointment at the library tonight. and I still want to get my workout in." We headed out to where we had the bikes locked up, unlocked them, and headed to Nana's to do our homework and then our training. After Mackie left for home. I hit the obstacle course hard and didn't slow down until Nana made me stop. "What's going on Kes?" She asked me. "Sorry Nana, but Jessie is just being a pain in the ass. and I need you to come to school tomorrow and set Mr. Greyson straight about who it was that killed that Lycan, because of James and Jessie I got in trouble, because I said that it was great grandfather and not you. so he gave me an F for the day.""What time is your class tomorrow? I will be there. 1:45 is when class starts." “Ok.Now let's have some dinner." "Ok. I need to go to the library tonight.though.""Why is that?" "Seth is pulling crap that is getting some students and Jessie in trouble, so I need to go set him straight." I tell her. “I think I will come with you; I want to see my grand pup in action." She says, and I just laugh.


KESKA: After dinner, Stephen drove Nana and me to the library. We both go into the library,she headed to the desk to ask the person for some help to find a book that had some herbal recipes in it. (LILLY: I secretly go and watch Keska after I get the book I wanted.) and I headed over to where I see Betsy's work group. "Hey, Betsy,” I say as I approach their table.“Hey Keska, what brings you here?" she asked. "I need to borrow Seth for a minute.""What do you need with me?!" Seth snips at me. "Wow, sorry,is that how you talk to a supposed friend?" I asked him. "Sorry, we are just having a rough time with this project." "I will just take a moment, then you can get back to your work." He follows me away from the table."What do you want. Keska?" "Glad to see that you finally dropped the act.
but you need to listen, if you keep pulling shit to get Jessie pissed at other students, you are putting this pack in danger of going back to Great Uncle Carson. Father swore an oath that there would be no bullying and here you are making Jessie pissed at other students, because of her being an Alpha what is hers is hers and you are using it against her.keep it up and there will be no pack for any of us. dumb ass!" I tell him “So whether you are doing it on purpose or not. you need to stop with the bullshit. I hope I have made myself clear. because I will tell my father that you are pulling this shit on purpose to make Jessie jealous."
###Chapter 21

KESKA: "I am not trying to do anything. so don't threaten me. Keska!"“I am not threatening anyone. I am just informing you of the consequences of the situation, and the fact that there are witnesses to the crap that you are pulling to keep Jessie's attention on you, she already has a punishment that she has to do, because she was caught bulling a student. and why?Because yougot too close and put your arm around her, and Jessie saw it.That's on you." I tell him. "Just be mindful of what you are doing."I turned and started to walk away from him. He grabs my arm hard,and I know it's going to leave a bruise. “You are just jealous of me and Jessie.because I picked her instead of you.""Ha! I could care less who you date Seth, it makes no difference to me. but what does matter to me is the fact that between the two of you. you have put the pack in jeopardy of being given to someone else, and how do you think James will react when he figures all this out for himself?" "As I said. I couldn't care less who you date. I just care about the pack, and my home, now let go. before you get embarrassed." I tell him. "What are you going to do? Beat me up?""No.but I will put you on the floor if you don't let go." I hiss at him,with a bit of anger in my voice. He let go, and I returned to the front check-out desk to wait for Nana. "Oh, thank you so much for your help this evening."I hear her say to the librarian. "Are you ready, Nana?" I asked,"I just need to check this book out, and then we can go." I waited for her to finish, and we left. "Did you accomplish what you set out to do?”"I hope so, Nana, I hope so."


KESKA: The next day, Nana showed up in my history class to set Mr.Greyson straight on who killed the rogue Lycan, how it was done is a family secret, and will not be revealed to anyone but family. The rest of the week flew by without any more issues from Seth or Jessie, thank the goddess. Mackie and I kept up our training with Nana. Now, we need to
get through the next 6 weeks without issue. That's a lot to hope for, I know.but one can still hope.


KESKA: Two weeks before graduation. Jessie did make her apology to Betsy; she did it in the lunchroom in front of everyone there and the few teachers who monitor the lunchroom. She stood on a chair and got everyone's attention. "Excuse me, but I need to have your attention,please!I have an announcement I need to make." Everyone went silent. “I, Jessie Sutter of the Alpha family. do apologize to Betsy Wright. Omega.Freshman class." Typical Jessie, even her apology sounded like an insult.but at least she did it. (*Now you can go tell Beta Pierce I apologized in public.") I just turned to go to my table after she made her announcement.so I could finish lunch and be ready for my next class. "'Hey Keska! Don't ignore me!" I heard Jessie say from behind me. "I'm not ignoring you.what do you want. Jessie?" "I just sent you a link, and you completely ignored me!""I didn't ignore you. I did not get your link, what did you want?""I told you to tell Beta Pierce that I made my public apology."She sniped at me. "And what do you mean you didn't get my link?" “I didn't get it, and I was not the one to tell Beta Pierce anything in the first place."I tell her. "So, no, I will not be the one to tell him that you apologized.May I go have my lunch now, or is there something else you wanted?""You're lying, you had to of gotten my link!" "I thinkyou are confusing me with ***your*** friends Jessie, I am not lying. I did not get your link." I say to her. "Keep this up, and I am going to tell Mom and Dad." She spouts. "Go ahead. I didn't get it." I say to her. Her eyes clouded over.and the next thing I know, James is linking me. **Now, what is going on with the two of you?" "Don't ask me. I just want to go eat lunch, and Jessie is griping about me ignoring her. I did not get her link."“Well,try to link her and see what happens." "James, I don't have time for all this nonsense. I'm hungry. I'm going to get my lunch, eat it, and then get to class."* “Jessie. I'm hungry. I'm going to get lunch, excuse me." I moved
past her and went to my table to finish my lunch.“What did Jessie want?"Mackie asked. "She said that I was ignoring her, and that she linked me.but if she did, I did not get it. And now she is throwing a fit about it."“What if she did try to link you?" "Still. I did not get it."“Do you think it might have something to do with what happened a month ago?"“Well,if it does, then that's on her as well, and she threatened to tell mom and father,won't that go over just great. give her enough rope, but of course I know that I will get blamed for that too." "Let's go to class and forget about all this until it becomes an issue." She says.

KESKA: Last bell rings. "Yeah! Only 2 more weeks!" I say to Mackie as we head over to our bikes. "Hey. Kes, do you think we should try to get real jobs this summer?" "Sure, what did you have in mind?" I asked her.“You know that human town about 2 and a half miles away? Maybe we can go there and see if there is anything available." She says. "Ok, sure.but we will have to figure out a schedule that we can both work so we can go together." I tell her."We will need transportation, other than our bikes.though.""I know, but if we pool our money. I might be able to get the shortfall from Nana, as long as I promise to pay her back, we should be able to get a decent used car." She nods her head. "We will have to get our driver's license as well." I say. "I will start a search for a vehicle after training tonight." I nod my head.


MACKIE: After we finish our homework and our training with Nana, I set up my laptop and start a search for used vehicles on the Wolf Web. Kes is talking to Nana about helping us pay for it if needed. We both have continued to help the senior population of the pack and have earned more than I think she realizes. "Hey, Kes, I think I found one. It's a private owner, and they are asking $8,000 for a 2022 Toyota; it says it has under 40,000 miles on it.""What's wrong with it? That car should be more than that.""I will message the person and ask." I sent a message to the person.
and kept looking, not expecting to get a response right away. So. I was surprised when I got a message back. (Thank you for your inquiry,the car belonged to my late wife, she passed away from cancer two months ago,and I have no use for the car, and keeping it hurts, due to the memories.There is nothing wrong with it. I just wish to have it gone. H. Night. Dark forest Pack.)"He says that it belonged to his dead wife and wants to get rid of it."“Wow, if it's true, we just hit the jackpot. Do we have enough to get though?" she asked.
###Chapter22

MACKIE: I opened our bank app and looked at the balance. "We would
need to borrow  1,500 from Nana to get the car." I told her."And that will wipe us both out until we get our first paycheck from wherever we find a job." “Go ahead. Mackie, tell him you will take the car." Nana tells me.“I will buy it for Keska's birthday gift." We both just look at Nana.“Nana, that's too much." Keska says to her. "Nonsense, the twins' got more than that. I will do this for you. besides owning a car is more expensive than you think, you have to have insurance on it, and with both of you being students that will be expensive. plus the upkeep. oil changes.maintenance work. preventive care. it all cost money. So. I will buy the car."Both Keska and I jump up and hug her. "Send the message that we will have cash for him. and we will be there to get the car the weekend after next. As next weekend will be graduation." She telIs me. I send the message to him and give him just enough information so when we get
there, they know we are not rogues.or shady characters.

JESSIE: When I get home. I go to Dad's office, knock on the door, and wait for him to answer. "Come." I hear him say. So, I entered the office."Can we talk. Dad?" "Sur.e honey, what's up?”"Keska is ignoring me. I linked her today, and she totally ignored me." "Did she block you?” “No,just ignored me. walked away from me with no response whatsoever."I tell him. "Were you fighting again?" he asked. "No.”"What did you link her about?""I made my apology today, and I told her she could tell Beta Pierce that I did it, and she ignored me.""I will talk to her about ignoring you, but it is not up to her to tell Beta Pierce that you made your apology;that is up to you to do." He tells me. "Ok, daddy," I say to him, and I leave. I hope he gives her more punishment. the brat, it will teach her she can't ignore me.
DRAKE: *“Keska,where are you?"* I link her. *“At Nana's, “I need you to come home now.""Yes Father."*(When did she stop calling me dad?)I thought to myself.


KESKA: "I have to go home. Nana; Father wants me for something."“Alright. dear, I will see you tomorrow." I wonder what happened that he wants to see me for, probably to take on more of Jessie's responsibilities, so that she can go "PLAY."' I thought to myself. *"Mackie, we will go to the range and get some aikido work in tomorrow if I am not in trouble, that is.”* I link her as I am riding home. *"Ok."* I put my bike away, and I look around the garage with a new perspective of things. considering I will have a car now I will need someplace to park it, but there is no room, at least not right now. maybe if Jessie finds her mate, then she will take all three of her vehicles with her. I know, what does she need with 3 vehicles?One is off-roading, she and James compete with each other. Then her sports car, heaven forbid she does not have the latest sports car, and then her SUV, for every day, when she is not riding with James. I walk into the house. And link father. *“I'm here." “Come to my office."* Great, now what did I do to get called to his office? I trudge up the stairs to his office and knock.


DRAKE:“Come." I call out when I hear Keska knock, I know her scent."Take a seat." I tell her and watch as she walks over to the chairs in front of my desk and takes the one closest to the garden window, which is mostly obscured by my computer monitor. "Why are you ignoring your sister Jessie?" I ask her. "I'm not." “Then why was she in my office telling me that you completely ignored her link this afternoon?" I ask her.“Because she's Jessie and she will do whatever she can to get me in trouble or blame me for whatever she can blame me for." She deadpans. "She said she linked you, and you ignored her." “If she truly did link me, I did not get it, and no, I was not blocking, because James linked me at lunch, and I
answered himn. I got his link." She says. *"Jessie, link your sister, be nice about it. asI am going to keep this link open. just ask her to bring you one of my pens." "Yes. daddy.""Keska, are you with Dad? Could you bring me one of his pens?"* I watch Keska closely; she doesn't seem to have heard her sister's request. "I am going to link with you. Kes,and I want you to link Jessie." I open a link with her. *"Now link your sister."“Hey Jessie. do you want to join me and Mackie on the archery range tomorrow?"* Nothing from either one of them to the other. "Keska, care to tell me how it is that you can't link your sister?" I ask. “Ask Jessie."“I'm asking you." "The only thing that makes any sense to me is because I accepted Jessie's rejection of me." “**WHAT?**" I roared. shaking the whole house."**WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU ACCEPTED JESSIE'S REJECTION!"**“About a month ago, she was telling her friends how your mother rejected me at Adrian's ceremony, and that she slapped me, her friend commented that they didn't blame her, who would want to be related to me anyway. Jessie said, not me, that's for sure. So. I accepted her rejection, and as per her request. we are no longer sisters." She deadpans,again as if it were an everyday occurrence. I am shocked and stunned to say the least. **Carla dear, we have a problem with our children,can you come to my office." "Of course, dear, but what sort of problem do we have with the kids?""I will fill you in when you get here."*


KESKA: "May I go now?""NO!”"May I ask what my punishment is?"Father looks at me like I have two heads when I ask him that. Then there is a knock on the door. I can sense Mom. "Come in. dear." Mom comes into the office and kisses my father. I am just sitting there, waiting for whatever he decides to give me as punishment for accepting Jessie's rejection,ignoring Jessie's mind link, telling on her, and who knows what other offences he will tack on. "What's going on, dear?" Mom asked Father."Care to tell your mother what you told me, Keska?" Father says. “Not really.""Why?”“Because you wilI believe whatever Jessie tells you anyway.
so why should I bother?" I say to them both. "Just give me whatever punishment you deem fit for me, ignoring her, and send me on my way so that I can get it done." I say. "Keska! Drake, what is going on?" “Sorry,Mom, but you need to talk to Father and Jessie. I just came here to get whatever punishment Father deems fit for me, because I ignored Jessie.and she told on me."
###Chapter23

KESKA:“There is more to it than that Keska." Father says, "I told you;you need to ask Jessie. I can't speak for her, nor would I want to for fear of getting something wrong." I say. "You are being very disrespectful right now. Keska. Your father would have every right to punish you for that disrespect alone." Mom states.


DRAKE: "Yes. Mom." she says and sits silently. I am just about at my wits' end with her."Why won't you tell your mother what you told me?"“Because you both will make me out to be a tattle tale and I'm not.so it's just best that you get the story from Jessie.then give me my punishment."She states like it happens all the time. *"Jessie, come to my office.please.""Yes. daddy."* There is a knock on my door a couple minutes later."Come.""You wanted to see me daddy?"(KESKA: I open a link to James. "Are you busy?""Not really. why?""Just listen. I will keep the link open."Then I opened one to Mackie, "Just listen.", and then one to Nana "Just listen.") "What happened a month ago?" I asked Jessie. "I don't know what you're asking about. Lots of stuff happened a month ago." (JAMES:Shit. I can't save her this time it's too late to warn her.) "Think Jessie, it was around the time of the whole bulling issue.""Nothing but that." She states. "So, you maybe didn't reject your sister?" I asked her and watched her face. "Umm, maybe. I don't remember, what's that got to do with her ignoring me?""Do you remember her accepting it?" "OH, yeah, that kind of hurt, come to think of it.""You put the pieces together.Jessie,and then tell me why you think Keska ignored you."


CARLA: ***YOU WHAT? JESSIE HOW COULD YOU!”*“Mimi did it.”**She says. "You are not Amanda! Why would you accept it, Keska?"“Why wouldn't I. I'm just supposed to accept the pain of rejection every time Jessie decides to get a bug up her butt and that she doesn't want to be my
sister anymore and makes.a public announcement of it. No. thank you."“What do you mean every time?" “It happens at least 3-4 times a school year. Mom.I just got tired of it. so I finally accepted it and moved on, and if she hadn't come crying to father about "me ignoring her" she used finger quotes nobody would be the wiser of it. except for James. Nana.Wyatt. Mackie, and her, maybe her two cronies. But all this right here right now (she uses her hands in a circular motion, palms down.) is all on Jessie, not me." **"You little bitch! I will get you for this!'** Jessie yells and makes a lung towards Keska before anyone can react to stop her. *Shit now I know what I felt a month ago. it was Jessie and Keska.*


KESKA: I knew that what I said would provoke Jessie. Did I do it on purpose? Not really. it just had to be said. and I knew she would comne at me, and I was ready for her. I jumped behind the chair to give myself some space to defend myself. Aikido is a defensive form, not an offensive form. So. when she came at me. I just made her keep going right past me using her own momentum, and she landed on her stomach with her face on the floor. You could tell she was pissed, and she was going to come at me again. Until Father roared using his Alpha voice. **“ENOUGH!”** Oh.shit *"sorry everyone."* I apologized. I closed the links that I had held open. Even though Father used his alpha tone, I stayed on my guard;I wasn't going to take any chances with Jessie.

DRAKE: "Sit, both of you!"Jessie moves to sit in the chair in front of my desk. "Keska!" "Sorry, Father, I would rather stand; I mean no disrespect in denying your request, but I would rather stay on my guard, thank you."She tells me rather flatly, bowing her head and bearing her neck to me.“Make her sit Daddy." Jessie whines at me. "Enough! Jessie! Keska, you will sit!" Keska takes the chair closest to the garden side window and pulls it about 6 inches away from Jessie's chair and turns it slightly to watch Jessie better, rather than look at me. "Now tell me what happened a month
ago Jessie."“She got in my business with that omega bitch that was trying to steel my boyfriend, we left them in the locker aisle and went to lunch.after lunch we were in the girl's bathroom and Dedi and Marla were asking about the bruise on her face. I told them what Mimi Sutter said and did. We had a good laugh about it, and Dedi said she didn't blame Mimi.who would want to be related to her anyway. I might have said not me.just in the heat of that moment." I looked over at Keska to see her reaction to Jessie's statement. and nothing she sat there with no expression on her face whatsoever. "Keska, did you hear Jessie say that to her friends?"“Yes, and it wasn't a might." She deadpans her answer.“So,you thought it was a good idea to accept Jessie's rejection without coming to your mother or me?" I reopened a link to both Nana and Mackie at this point, knowing that I was going to get some form of punishment.“What good would it have done me?" she asked again with no emotion in her voice and keeping her eyes on Jessie. “Keska, stop being rude to your father!” Carla admonished her. I also had noticed her eyes glaze over, so I knew she linked someone. "Who did you link?" I asked her. “Nana.”“Why?"“So, I won't have to explain why I won't be at training, because I will have some form of punishment." She says


KESKA: “How am I being rude?" I asked, glancing at Mom,then turned back to watch Jessie. "I just asked a question, one that I have asked over and over with the same answer, NONE."“Do you remember Uncle Carson's Ginseng Ficus? I was 7 years old; it was two weeks after Lissa and Liam turned 5, it wasn't me that knocked it over, it was James and Jessie, but because they both said it was me, then I guess it had to be me,right?”“I was made to apologize to him for something I didn't do, and the whole time both of them were laughing about it."“I knew how much that tree meant to Uncle Carson, he would use to talk to it and tell it that when it got to be a bit bigger, it would go out to the garden and be the star of the garden just like Great Grandma wanted. That was thefirst time I felt the
sting of father's belt. It was also the last time that I apologized for something I didn't do." “Or how about when I was 8, James and Jessie were 10. and your crystal vase got broken? I wasn't even home when it happened. I came in just before you and father walked through the door.but again, because they both said I did it, well then, hey. I did it. I even have a witness for that day. Did you see Delta Cole that day when you came in? Probably don't remember, it was so long ago, he had just dropped me off. That was the second time I felt the sting of father's belt.Or just last year, after they thought it would be fun to break Mr. Rickman's window, I spent two months working for him to pay off the cost of that window and spent every night for a week in the cells, and again. I felt the sting of Father's belt. The list goes on. Each time I thought he's going to ask me.right? But he never did. So, I just stopped expecting it and just started asking what my punishment would be and how long it would last.""James and Jessie have never felt the sting of Father's belt, but I have felt it more times than I care to remember." “So how am I being rude?"I asked again.
###Chapter24


DRAKE: "WHAT!" I roared, "They broke that window?"I look at her.then at Jessie. (JESSIE: *“James. Keska just told on us about breaking old man Rickman's window."* I linked him.) “I want the truth! Who broke that window?""What's it matter now for? It's not like you're going to punish them for it. Not when I have already paid the price and did the punishment." (Not like you would or could take it back.) Again, she states with no emotion and keeps her eyes on Jessie. It's starting to scare me a little. Have I really broken her? “I just want to know what my punishment is so that I can go. please." "There is no punishment. Keska." I tell her.“Daddy!"Jessie whines. "What do you mean, no punishment? There is always a punishment when Jessie whines about something. I ignored her;that alone has got to be worth what? at least 5 lashes, and a night in the cells to say the least." She again states it with no emotion in her voice or on her face. “Keska!” Carla admonished her again. (Pup speaks truth.gives Alpha respect, but not father heart.) My wolf tells me.

DRAKE:“Jessie, now that you have settled down, tell me, have you put the puzzle pieces together yet?" I asked her. She has a look of concentration on her face, which tells me she has not figured it out.“The only way you will be able to link your sister is by a pack-wide link,not just one-on-one, you rejected her, she accepted, the link between you is broken. Keska did not ignore you.""Keska,you can go." She gets up and makes a wide berth around Jessie's chair as she leaves the office. *"James,come to my office."* There is a knock on the door. "Come."“You wanted to see me. Dad?""Yes, take a seat." I tell my son. "Did you know about Jessie and Keska?" I ask him. “Not until after the fact."“You didn't think to tell your mother or me? Would you have stopped it?" "I don't think anyone could have. It was between Jessie and Kes, I was not going to be a tattle tale." He says to me. "That didn't answer my question, but by the
answer you did give. I know the answer." "Now tell me what exactly happened to Mr. Rickman's window."“It truly was an accident. We were just horsing around, throwing a baseball back and forth, playing hot potato with it, and it got away from us." “So,you decided to blame your sister rather than taking responsibility for what you did. That is not a sign of a good Alpha, James. Have I ever shown you that you blame someone else for what you did?"“No father.”“I wonder what else you have blamed her for. and she has had to pay the price for. Because you didn't take responsibility for it yourself? That is not how you run a pack. James, and now if I can't trust that you will take responsibility for your own actions,you will not get this pack. Do I make myself clear?" “Yes. Father."“I do want you to go and apologize to Mr. Rickman and confess to what actually happened, do I make myself clear on that note as well?" “Yes, father.”“You both have a lot to make up for, you both need to apologize to your sister as well, and Jessie, there is only one way to fix your rejection, but you will have to figure that out on your own. You may leave."

KESKA: *"Well, that's a first, but I am not going to let my guard down.I don't trust that something won't happen, and I will end up paying some form of punishment."* I say through the link to both Nana and Mackie. *But I will say good night and see you both tomorrow."* I closed the link,and after everything I said all he took away from it was Mr. Rickman's broken window. I just shook my head, went to my room, and locked my door. I don't trust Jessie.


JAMES:We walked a short distance from the office door, and I turned to her."You couldn't leave well enough alone, could you, Jessie? Anything to get Kes into trouble, what is wrong with you? Now we have to go confess to old man Rickman, about something that happened a year ago,that is going to look pretty damn stupid." I seethe at her. "How the hell was I supposed to know that when a rejection was accepted that it would break
the link? They didn't teach us that." She says back. I just shook my head and walked away from her.


DRAKE: "I fear that I have lost Keska." I say to my mate."Why would you say that?" “Because, as she said. I never did ask her, her side of the story. I just took the twins' word for everything. I never gave her a chance.and now she won't even take the opportunity to tell her side; she just accepts the punishment and won't even look at me."

CARLA: "I fear I am not much better." I told my mate. "Well, she at least still calls you mom, all I get from her is yes. father, no.father.you wanted to see me, father." I don't get dad, or daddy from her anymore, just the cold formality of respect, not the warmth of love and family." He tells me.and I can hear the pain in his voice and see it on his face. "But I guess we now know what happened a month ago, and what the rejection I felt was,I just wish she would have said something."I said. "Would it have mattered? Like she said, it was Jessie. Maybe she did, just not to us." He says."What do you mean?""Maybe she said something to your mother?After all, she was linked to her."“I will check with her in the morning, but right now we need to get dinner."


KESKA: I had finished my homework and was just laying on my bed listening to a mix of some of my favorite music, of the late 60's,70's,and 8O's. don't ask me why but there is something to be said for Peter Paul and Mary's “Don't think twice." FollowedI up by Richie Sambora's “Stranger in This Town." Then back to "Mahogany, and some Led Zeppelin." It just kind of soothes me. It was about 6:30 when Mom linked me. *“Come down for dinner." "ok,*” I got up, unlocked my door, looked around,I didn't see either of the twins. I locked my door and went down to the kitchen. “Hi Sarah,” I greeted our cook. "Hello, Kes, what are you in the kitchen for?""Mom said to come down for dinner, so here I am. Is there anything I can help with?” “You go to the family dining room, I can
manage." She tells me. I really don't want to go into the family dining room. but I go and take my seat across from Liam at the end of the table.
###Chapter25


DRAKE: “Graduation is a week away, your mother and I have decided to keep it a small affair, as we will be hosting a mating ball for your 18th birthday, so think about who you want to be at your graduation, other than pack members. Also, keep in mind that whoever you choose will more than likely be traveling twice in a very short amount of time."Dinner was being served during this conversation. “Mimi and Papa Sutter for sure." Jessie pipes up. “Adrian and Kina would be nice." James says.“The Alpha and Luna from High Crest pack, Lukas and Jewel with their,two kids.Josh and Leasha," Jessie chimes in. “What about Alpha Ty,and Luna Tara from Cold Moon Pack with their twins, Blake and Blane." Lissa says. The twins nodded at her suggestion. “There's the Alpha and Luna from Dutch Wood Pack, Shane and Avery with Colton and Janica." Liam puts his two cents into the mix. Again, the Twins' nod.

JESSIE: “Good. I think that is a good mix of people. Nobody is fighting with anybody in that grouping, so it should be fun."


CARLA:“Keska, is there someone you wish to add?" I watch as she looks at me like I have two heads. "No, why would I? This is for James,Jessie,Wyatt, and Star. If anything, you should be asking them who they want,it has nothing to do with me." She says with no emotion in her voice at all.

JESSIE: I make a sour face at Mother's question to Keska, and I feel a link push at me from James. *"Stop it, Jessie, everyone else has added someone,leave it alone." “This is for us, not her, she shouldn't get to have a say."* I close the link.


LIAM: *"Kes, what's wrong?"“Ever since you and Lissa were 5, they have ignored me, and now suddenly, they want my input? Why? It's goingto take more than asking me who to invite to something that is clearly set for
James and Jessie. No, thank you." “You can tell me if there is someone you want invited.”“Nice try, Liam, and thank you, but no, if they can't think of one of the most important people that should be at this event, I am not going to tell them."* She closes the link to me. I opened a link to Mom. *“Mom, what's going on with Keska?” “Dear, there is an issue between Jessie and Keska, and it's not good. Why is she being mean or rude to you?”“No, just not her usual self is all." “Sorry, dear, just give her some time."“She did say that you're missing someone important from the guest list,though.”“Did she say who?"“No."* I closed the link.


LISSA: I opened a link to Liam *"Why is Keska being such a bitch!?”“She isn't being a bitch, but if you had to put up with Jessie dumping all her shit on you how would that make you feel? And Jessie has been getting away with it for years, Keska is just standing up for herself finally and you are calling her a bitch for it? What's wrong with you?”“What are you talking about? Jessie hasn't done anything!”“No? Then why does Keska have to do a week of hard training with the elite warriors, and Jessie got off easy with no cheerleading? Does that seem fair to you? Or weren't you paying attention? Plus, Kes loses a week of summer break to have to do that hard training, and if you think that Jessie hasn't done anything,go hang with Jessie for that week and see what she does." “You're just being mean towards Jessie and sticking up for that brat."“And what you just said about Kes constitutes as bullying, but you don't bully, right?”* I just closed the link and glared at him.


KESKA: "May I be excused? I am done." I had to get away from the tension-filled atmosphere in the dining room. I felt like I was choking.I noticed that Lissa was glaring at Liam, I opened a link to him, *"Liam don't fight with Lissa; she will take Jessie's side of things, and you will end up on everybody's shit list."* I close the link. I know that there was a lot of linking going on at the table, but I was keeping my mouth shut, I wasn't
going to be the reason that Jessie and James were going to protest about me wanting someone at their graduation party, plus I was trying to figure out how I was going to survive the night in question without any issues with the twins' in question.


DRAKE: I am watching the linking going on at the table, but I am not going to interfere with any of it. Then Keska asked to be excused.“Yes."Is all I can say to her. I just don't know how to reach her right now.I watch as she gets up with her dishes and heads towards the kitchen. I feel exhausted from the day's events, and I just don't know where to turn, to even start to get a handle on things.

KESKA: I wake up the next morning, go to my bathroom and do my business, then head downstairs for breakfast. "Good morning, Sarah," I say as I enter the kitchen. "Good morning, Kes."“I was wondering, do you have the menu worked out for the twins' graduation?”“Not yet, I don't know how many extras are coming." “Oh, I thought they would have given you that last night, they were discussing it at dinner, but anyway, I am here to offer mine and Mackie's services to be kitchen help that day and service help for the evening.""And how does Mackie feel about you offering her services without her knowledge?" Sarah asked,raising an eyebrow at me. "She won't mind, it will keep us busy and out of sight for the most part of the party goers, you know, out of sight,out of mind."I quipped at her. Just then, the kitchen door opens,and Mom comes in.


CARLA: "Sarah, I would likce to have breakfast in the family dining room this morning."“Yes, Luna.”“Keska, what do you have planned for the day?" I asked her. "Well, Mackie and I were thinking of going to do the rounds, checking on the seniors, and then maybe head over to Nana's to run the obstacle course,""What do you mean, check on the seniors?" I asked her, a bit confused. "Mackie and I run errands for the seniors who are housebound, and those who don't necessarily want to do the errands
themselves."She says with a nonchalant tone in her voice, like she has done it for years. "How long have you been doing that?”“Since we were 9and could handle a shovel." Then she turns and takes the juice pitcher from Sarah and walks out of the kitchen. Leaving me staring at her back,shaking my head in wonder.
###Chapter26


CARLA: "After breakfast. Sarah. I want to go over the menu for the twins'graduation party." "Yes. Luna. Keska had mentioned that to me." Again.I stood dumbfounded at how she was on top of everything. I left the kitchen and headed to the dining room. I linked the kids, and Drake Breakfast is being served in the dining room this morning. I soon heard them all coming downstairs.


DRAKE: "So. what does everyone have planned for today?"I asked the table at large. "My friends and I are going to the mall to do some shopping for the party." Jessie states."Are you going to take Lissa with you?"Sure, if she wants to come with us." "James, what about you?"I asked him. "Wyatt and I are going to be with next year's team.practicing and then yeah. we will probably hit the mall to see if we can find something new.""Are you going to take Liam with you?”“Happy to take him.""Thanks, but I really don't need anything new; there are things that I haven't worn much, so I can just pick something from my closet." Liam states."Are you sure?" I asked him. “Yeah, Dad, I'm sure, besides,I will probably need a whole new wardrobe before next school year,so I will save you guys some money.”“What do you have planned to do today.then?”“I think I will hang out with Keska and Mackie today." That totally shocked me. I was not expecting that, and from the look on Keska's face, she wasn't expecting it either.


KESKA: “I'm not going to be doing anything interesting today, Liam, are you sure that you really want to hang out with me?" I asked my little brother. "Yeah, I'm sure.” I link Mackie, **Hey, are you ok with Liam tagging along today?" "Yeah, I guess, if he really wants to." "Not super sure, but he says he wants to." "Does he know that he will have to ride his bike?”"I will make sure he knows." "Liam, we will be on our bikes all day
today."* I tell him at the same time I closed the link with Mackie.“Ok.cool." I just shake my head. with a half grin on my face. I open a link to Nana:*"Nana, Liam will be with Mackie and me today." "That's fine dear.”* I close the link.


LIAM: I noticed that Dad didn't ask Keska about going shopping, or even what she had planned for the day, like he asked everyone else. I am starting to see why Keska calls him father and not dad, he treats her differently.


KESKA: With breakfast over. I take my dishes out to the kitchen and rinse them.“Ready to go, Liam?" I asked him. “Yep, let's go." We hop on our bikes and head over to the Gamma's residents to pick up Mackie. *“We're here."* I link Mackie. *"On my way."* She comes out a couple of minutes later.


CARLA: “Sarah, we will be hosting High Crest, Cold Moon, and Dutch Wood Packs for the twins' graduation, it will justbe the Alphas, Lunas.and 6 kids, well, they aren't kids anymore either." “Is there anything special that you would like me to make for the celebration?"“I would like that flank steak that you make, cut into strips and wrapped around cheese cubes in hors d'oeuvres portions, and the gourmet crackers. Dinner will be your famous chicken in white wine sauce with all the trimmings."


LIAM:"Hey.”“Hey Liam, why did you want to come with us today?"“I just wanted to hang with Kes today and didn't feel like being around James."“Ok, but we aren't going to be doing anything special today."“I know,she told me."


KESKA: "Let's get going, I think Mrs. Cranston needs her herbal supplements refilled today." "Ok." They both say at the same time.

CARLA: After I went over the menu with Sarah, I linked mother.*"Are
you busy?" "Not at the moment, why?"“I need to talk with you about Keska."“Ok, but I don't know how I can help with anything that might have to do with her.""Did she tell you that Jessie rejected her?”“Yes,she did the day it happened." "Why didn't you tell us?!" “Would it have done any good? You would have stood up for Jessie, and the results would still be the same as they are right now. You and Drake have let the older twins walk all over the two of you,and you are letting the younger ones do the same as well. At least Liam will be worth his birthright, because as far as I can tell, James is not." “Mother!” “What? I only call it like I see it. and right now, I don't see much in James. Hopefully, when he goes through his Alpha training, he will grow up and take responsibility for his actions.because if not. this pack will go downhill fast." She closes the link on me.*

**

LIAM: By lunch I was tired and hungry, my legs hurt from keeping up with them all morning, they not only refilled Mrs. Cranston's supplements,which was a trip to the pharmacy and back which was 4 blocks one way,but then they each mowed two lawns, albeit small, but two none the less,then helped clean two other houses, again albeit small, and with each new place we went she introduced me to the pack members,then they were done. I don't even think James could have kept up with them, and they each got paid around $20 to $30 after every job, even though they said no every time."Now what are we going to do?" I asked. "We go put our money in the bank and then we go to Nana's for lunch and run the obstacle course." Kes tells me. “What obstacle course? Nana doesn't have an obstacle course." I say to her. "Yes, she does, and she is teaching Mackie and I how to run it, and every few days she changes it up on how we have to run it." She tells me. “Ok, let's go, I'm hungry." They both just chuckle at me.


KESKA: After spending the rest of the afternoon at Nana's running the
course and coaching Liam through it. we parted ways with Mackie and headed home. "Did you enjoy your day?" I asked Liam. "Is this what you guys do every weekend?""Not every weekend, but yeah.most weekends.different pack members, different small tasks. keeps us busy and out of trouble for the most part." I tell him."Can I come with every weekend?"He asked with that bit of excitement in his voice. “I think we can manage that." I tell him. We reached home in time to clean up and have dinner.


CARLA: I hope things have calmed down after yesterday's chaos. I just want a nice quiet dinner with everyone at the table and no fighting. but with the situation between Jessie and Keska I don't know if that will happen. and after my conversation with my mother. I just don't know when everything got so out of hand with the two of them. Shaking my head. I call them all down for dinner. I did tell Drake what my mother said,and he was not happy that she didn't inform us and let us be blindsided by everything.
###Chapter27


DRAKE: I am the last to enter the dining room. I want to see howthey interact and how they treat each other. Before I enter the room. I see that Keska waits to sit after everybody else is sitting, then she moves to take an empty chair away from everyone. I just shake my head. The only one who has interacted with her is Liam. "Well, did everyone have a good day?"I ask as I enter the dining room. "Well. I believe next year's team is going to make a strong showing." James says, "Good, it helps to build self-confidence if you can win one or two right out of the gate." I say.“And how did your shopping trip to the mall go? Did you find anything for graduation?" I asked him."Yeah, both Wyatt and I found nice suits for the ceremony and the party." "Good, and how about you, Jessie, Lissa,did you have any luck shopping?" "Yes, we did, I hope you don't mind, but I asked Jessie if we could bring Demi with us, and she didn't mind." Lissa states."No dear, I don't mind as long as everyone got what they wanted.”I tell her. "I think Jessie went a little overboard, but yeah, we had fun."She says with a grin on her face. "Hey, I did not go overboard." Jessie states. (KESKA: I knew Father would ask Liam about his day as well, so I sent him a quic link. *“When father asks you about your day, just, please tell him we ran an errand for Mrs. Cranston, he doesn't need to know what it was, everything else is up for grabs.”*) “Ok, ok, no arguing.”I chuckle at the girls. (LIAM: After getting Keska's link, I was waiting for Dad to ask me about my day.) I then turn to Liam,"And what did you do today?""I went with Kes and Mackie, we ran an errand for Mrs. Cranston,helped the Blanchards, Joseph's, Case's, and Wentz's with their yard work,and then helped the Preston's and Seabury's turn their mattresses, and clean their homes, dusting, and vacuuming. Then, after all that, we had lunch with Nana and ran the obstacle course." "That was a full day,you did good, I commend you for helping the elder pack members," I say to him.

JAMES: "Since when did Nana get an obstacle course? And how come r didn't know about it?" “I don't know, ask Nana." Liam answered."But Mackie. Kes, and I had a blast running it, and Nana would change it up on us just to keep us on our toes." Liam says with excitement in his voice.I look at Dad, “Did you know that Nana had an obstacle course?"“Actually. I did. I saw part of it when I gave your sisters their punishment last month." I link Kes. “*How long have you known about the obstacle course?"“Since she put it up, the Monday after Adrian's ceremony."“Why didn't she say anything?"“I don't know that is something you will have to ask her." "And you have been working on it this whole time?”“Yes.”“Why didn't you say anything?"“Not my place, if Nana wanted you to know I'm sure she would have told you."* I close the link. I feel hurt that she didn't let me know about it.


LAIM:“Hey, Kes,can I hang out with you again tomorrow?" I asked her.“I don't care, but it won't be like today was, Mackie and I have lessons tomorrow, and then we will go to Nana's, so I don't know how much fun that will be for you." She tells me.


DRAKE:“What lessons are you talking about?" I asked her. "I am taking a martial arts class.""I don't recall getting a bill or receipt for a martial arts class, nor signing any type of permission slip for one." I said to her.“That's because I didn't need one, and I am paying for it myself." She tells me with no emotion in her voice. "How are you paying forit?”“I have been doing odd jobs around the pack for years and have gotten paid for them.” Again, she answers in my direction without eye contact or much emotion.


LIAM: "Cool, can I come watch? Maybe I might want to take it to if I see how it's done." I say to her. "I will have to ask the Master." *(Liam, there is something you must understand, it is in the human world, not ours,that is why I didn't say anything about it, I know Father wouldn't have
let me do it otherwise.)* I just looked at her. I was shocked.


KESKA: I knew father wouldn't let me go to the human town, and if he realizes that I have been sneaking out to go there. I will have a punishment all my own. Oh well. at least I will have earned that one on my own. "May I be excused? I am done with dinner."


DRAKE: “Yes.” Is all I can say to her. Since dinner is done. I link our head warrior. *"Mitchell, do we have any martial arts classes anywhere?That you know of." "No Alpha, not on pack lands technically, there is a dojo about a half mile up the road it's that old storage warehouse that the human's use for a while and I believe that it's on pack land, but not sure.that's run by an old Chinese master." “Thank you, Mitchell." “You're welcome. Alpha."* (I am going to have to put someone on Kes just to find out what she does, where she goes; she clearly is not going to tell me anything by asking her.)

KESKA: I link Mackie. *“Hey, Liam wants to come with tomorrow, I know I will have to call Master Cho to get his permission, but what do you think?”“I don't mind.”“Oh, and I might be in trouble again, only this time it's all on me."“What happened?"“Me taking the Aikido class came out at dinner, and because it's in the human realm, there could be repercussions.""Well, we will just have to wait and see, I guess.""Yeah. I'm going to call Master Cho to ask him about Liam."“Good luck."* I close the link and call Master Cho. "Hello?”“Hello, Master Cho? this is Keska." “Yes, Keska, what can I do for you?”“My little brother wants to sit in on tomorrow's class,I told him I would have to ask you."“Can he sit quietly and not cause an issue if his sister gets put on the mat?""I will make sure he knows."“Then I do not mind if he comes to watch."“Thank you, Master Cho."“Welcome." “Bye.”“Bye.” I opened a link to Liam. *"I called Master Cho;he said that as long as you can sit quiet and not make a fuss when l hit the mat he doesn't care if you come to watch." “Thanks, Kes, and l'm
sorry if I got you in trouble." “Hey, don't worry about it. if anything comes of it at least it's all on me, and not something James or Jessie did.But I have some studying to do, I have a couple of finals on Monday."“Yuck."“I know."* I chuckle at him and close the link. I study for my final until around 8:30, then go to bed.
###Chapter28


DRAKE: After breakfast, I link our best tracker.∗Darius, I need you to follow Keska. I want a full report on where, what, and when. Make sure she doesn't catch you. Got it!" “Yes, Alpha.”*


KESKA: Liam and I head over to Mackie's to pick her up for Akido.“We are going to be on our bikes again today. Are you going to make it?” I asked Liam. "I will be fine." He tells me. *(“Did you know you have a shadow?")* I got a link from Mackie. *("Was not for certain, but figured it was going to happen.")* “Ready?" I ask out loud. Both Liam and Mackie acknowledge, yes, and we take off for the dirt road that cuts through the copses of trees that run behind the cottage houses. Once we get close to the border we take a path that Mackie and I have made over the years by continual use, it runs right up to the barrier of the border, there is a small gap that we wedge our bikes through and then crawl through and get out on the road about 50 yards up from the gate. and head for the dojo that's about half mile up the road from the pack gate.


LIAM: *(“Keska, we are being followed.")* I linked my sister. *(“I know,Mackie caught him before we even left, just ignore him, I'm pretty sure Father set him the task of following me.")*


KESKA: We make it to the dojo in about 20 minutes after we hit the paved road. We entered the dojo, I showed Liam the boys' locker room and rest room, then pointed out the girls' locker room and rest room.“Mackie and I have to change into our Gi's, you can go sit on the bleachers,and when we come out, I will introduce you to Master Cho." I tell Liam.“Ok.” And he walks back to the front of the studio.


KESKA: After Mackie and I got changed, we headed back out front. I walked over to where Master Cho was waiting to start class,"Master Cho."
I bow to him. "Yes, Keska?" “I would like to introduce my brother to you if I may?" "Of course, it would be an honor to meet him." I waved my brother over to where we were standing. "Master Cho, this is my little brother Liam. Liam, this is Master Cho." I made the introductions.Master Cho shakes hands with my brother."I trust you can observe quietly,young man, and not cause a scene?" "Yes, sir.” “Good. you may go take your seat."We spent the next 90 minutes learning our form and moves and counters, takedowns, and submissions. Then, after class, Mackie and I practiced for our next belt color for about half an hour. When Master Cho said that he had to get ready for his next class.


LIAM: "Now what are we going to do?”I asked the two of them.“We head home and hope we don't lose our tail." Mackie states, and Kes just laughs. “Ok, let's go, hey, by the way, when do we eat lunch?" They both laughed at me. “What? I can't help that I'm a growing kid." I state.“Come on, let's go." Kes says. We jump on our bikes and head back home.At about 50 yards up from the gate, they slowed down and caught the path that was barely visible, back through the barrier, and when I thought we would head to Nana's, they took the dirt road to the right. “Hey, where are we going?" I called out to them. “Archery range," Kes calls back.

DARIUS: As soon as we get back on to pack lands I link the Alpha *Alpha we are back and yes she did leave pack lands, but not too far off.just a half mile up the road, I watched through a window and she is indeed taking an Akido class, and now they are headed to the archery range.”“Stay with them until they either come to the pack house or go to Lilly's.” “Yes, Alpha."* I close the link.

KESKA: I know we still have our tail, I have caught his shadow, not really him, but I am not going to say anything."Hey Kent, we need to rent a couple of bows today and the arrows." Icall out to Kent as we enter the shop and head over to the counter. "Be right there." Kent calls back. " Hey
Keska, you said you needed to rent them today?" He reiterates as he comes from his storage area.“Yeah,we were at the dojo this morning.and we can't have weapons with us there. So today we need to rent them."“Ok.here you go, and let's hope we don't have a repeat of last month."He says with a chuckle. "What happened last month?" Liam asked. “There was a rogue attack that if your sister and Mackie hadn't been here to catch early. we would have probably lost some lives, but thanks to their quick thinking, very few people even knew about it." Kent tells him.“Wow,that is so cool." He says. We practice for about an hour, then turn everything back in and head to Nana's for lunch and to run the course.


DARIUS: *“Alpha, they are headed to Miss Lilly's.”* I link him.*“Ok,thank you, Darius, I may need you again next weekend, I'm not sure yet."“Ok, Alpha."* I close the link.

KESK A: Last week of school, yeah! I have two finals today, and the rest of the week is just a sail through. Friday will be graduation, then two weeks after that is my  16th birthday, and a week and a half after is James and Jessie's 18th, and the next month will be Lissa and Liam's 14th. I just want this week to be over with so I can get to my punishment, I know that sounds crazy, right? Who wants punishment, but when it involves training I'm all for it, bring it on, and we will also be going to get the car,I have to ask Nana if I can store it at her house until maybe Jessie finds her mate, I still don't trust Jessie not to try and mess with it, knowing that it is mine. I get up and go to my bathroom and do my business and get dressed, head downstairs, and get breakfast. "Good morning, Sarah,what's for breakfast this morning?"“I have bacon wrapped medallions, scrambled eggs, and toast." "Sounds yummy." Sarah smiles at me. I help set the island up for breakfast and then help Sarah serve. I head out to meet up with Mackie and head to school. After my two finals (which were basically testing to make sure I was ready for my junior year.) the rest of the week
flew by. Both James and Jessie apologized to Mr. Rickman about breaking his window.


MR. RICKMAN: "Thank you for the apology, young Alpha,but you should have come forward before now! You need to apologize to your sister for making her take your punishment. She never did apologize for it,come to think about it, and always said she did not break my window, but she did everything I asked. told. or needed her to do for two full months.Did you know that? You have lost some of my respect,young Alpha."
###Chapter29

JAMES: "I understand, Mr. Rickman, and no, I did not know that Keska had to work for you for two months. Wyatt and I will come work for you for two months after graduation, before I leave to go do my Alpha training.”I sent Wyatt a link. *“Wyatt?” “Yeah, man, what's up?” “I have some not-so-good news, I will give you the long version later. Short version: we are going to be working for two months this summer without pay for breaking Mr. Rickman's window."“I was wondering when that was going to catch up to us, alright."*


KESKA: It remains to be seen if they apologize to me, but I'm not going to hold my breath over it. Friday is pretty open and free flowing, and no one cares whether you're in school or not. The Alphas, Lunas, and their kids have started to arrive for the ceremony and party afterward. I am more curious about my week of training, though; I sent a link to Father.*“Father?”“Yes. Keska?”* (I am surprised, and a little shocked at getting a link from her.) *"May I start my training tomorrow?"* (Shit I had forgotten about her punishment, and I guess I was thinking everyone else had as well, especially after everything else, I should have known better with Keska. I am tempted to dismiss it all together but that will cause issues as well I think.) I wait to hear back from him, I wait for about 5minutes. I linked him again. *“Father?""No, Kes,you can start on Sunday.”“Ok, thank you."* Ha! Saving face in front of company. I link Mackie. *“Hey,are you busy?"“No,”"Want to come help with setup?"“Sure,why not? I have nothing better to do.""Thanks,because I already offered up your services to Sarah." “Ha. I figured as much."* I chuckled as I closed
the link.


MACKIE: I put on an ombre peach colored sun dress that goes into a rich mauve, it has a scooped neck and is an A-frame and comes to my knees.I
brush and braid my hair, it's the color of over-dried hay on a summer's day, and I have light brown eyes, in a square-shaped face. I don't do makeup. I put on a pair of cream-colored flats and head out to my bike,and head over to the pack house to help get things set up.


KESKA: I put on a sage and light green paisley scoop neck A-line dress,the best thing about it, it has pockets. I brushed out my hair, pulled the top and sides back into a clip, paired it with a pair of cream-colored sandals, and headed downstairs and reported to the kitchen.“Hello,Sarah,reporting for duty, and Mackie is on her way." Sarah just chuckles at me.“Shouldn't you be out front greeting the guest?"“Why? None of them want me out there, and all the guests know about me, so if someone wants me, I'Il get a link from someone. So puIt me to work." She hands me a tray with some of the meat and cheese cut up on it and sends me out the door to the family dining room to place it with the rest of the trays of food. There are a variety of fresh fruits with a sweet cream whip for dipping, there is a tray of fresh veggies with a whipped butter milk dip, and now the meat and cheese tray. I was turning to head back into the kitchen when Mackie camne through the door with party decorations and streamers.“Sarah said we need to put these up in the game room." She told me. “Ok, let's go.”Most of the decorating was done just a few last-minute small things,like the small streamers, and putting out the plates and cutlery for the hors d'oeuvres.

LIAM: *“Keska, where are you?"* I link her. *“Helping with last-minute setups, why?"“Shouldn't you be out here with the family greeting the guest?"“Liam, look at Father, does he look stricken that one of his kids is missing? Or mom for that matter?"“No”"exactly, they have left me out of things like this for so long that it is habit for them I am not going to change it, I can do more good by making sure everything is set for when they walk through the door and that's when I will greet them.”“Well,get
ready then because Mimi. Papa, Adrian, and Kina are coming in now.""Thank you."* I close the link.


ADRIAN: I can see that Keska is not with the rest of the family to greet us when we get out of the vehicles. I shake hands with my aunt, uncle, and cousins. “Where is Keska?" I ask, “She is waiting inside." Liam answers me. I am more and more disappointed in them."Thank you,Liam.”“Welcome." I turn to Kina, “Let's head in." and I take her by the hand,and head for the door.


KESKA: We had just finished with the streamers in the pack game room when the front door opened. and in steps Adrian and Kina.*“Wow,she is pretty."* Mackie links me. *“Yes, she is. I will introduce you, come on."* I link her back. I step over to Adrian and Kina. The minute Adrian sees me.he wraps me in a bear hug. Chuckling. I say, "Adrian, I missed you too.but there are introductions to be made, and I don't want Kina to bite me."I tease him. looking over at Kina. I see she is almost laughing. He lets me go. "Luna Kina, this is my best friend. (I sign) (and gamma.) Mackie,short for Mackenzie." "Nice to meet you, Mackie, do you sign as well?”“I am learning, Kes is teaching me. Nice to meet you as well, Luna Kina."Mackie says to her. As she is talking to Mackie, I sign to Adrian that I have news he will want to hear/know. and it is about the ELDER MRS.SUTTER. "What is it?" He signs back. "I plan on accepting her rejection,so be ready for some fallout. I was thinking I would wait for the twins'birthday, but I think I will do it tonight." I sign back.


ADRIAN: I sign back to her, “Kes, don't start trouble.”“I don't plan on starting anything. I plan on finishing what she started a month and a half ago. She does not want me as a grandchild, I don't want her as my grandparent, and since Uncle Carson isn't going to be here, now is the time to do it." She signs back to me. "What do you mean Uncle Carson isn't going to be here?" I sign to her, "I guess just like me, they forgot about
him too." She signs. “Oh, and don't be surprised if Nana Lilly starts something though, she was pissed. when I told her what Amanda did to me. The scars have faded some, but are not gone." She shows me her right upper arm. “There is more, but it will have to wait; I have to greet the others." She signs to me. I link my mate, *“This trip just got very interesting, Keska just told me she plans on accepting Mimi's rejection.and that Uncle Carson is not here. There is going to be some fireworks."“I hope she knows what she's doing." “Oh, she definitely does. Lilly Brookes is not someone that you want to piss off. and Mimi has done that in spades.""Wait. Lilly Brookes is here? From the Brookes family?"“None other, and when youa look at Keska, you are seeing a younger version of Miss Lilly.""I would love to meet her, and it sounds like this is going to be an interesting trip indeed."*


KESKA: Dutch Wood were the next to enter, and I greeted them and made the appropriate introductions between the Alphas, Lunas, and their children. It's strange to call them children, as they are between 17 and 19years old."Alpha Adrian, Luna Kina, May I present Alpha Shane, Luna Avery, their son Colton, and daughter Janica, they are from Dutch Wood Pack. Alpha Adrian and Luna Kina are the new Alpha and Luna of Moon Rise Pack." They greeted each other with a handshake. High Crest Pack was the next to arrive. Again, I introduce Adrian and Kina to them,“Alpha Lukas, Luna Jewel, this is Alpha Adrian and Luna Kina from Moon Rise Pack, and these are Josh and Leasha, Lukas and Jewel's kids." They greeted one another with handshakes. And the last to arrive was Cold Moon Pack. Alpha Ty and Luna Tara already knew everyone in attendance, so no introductions were needed with them.
###Chapter30


KINA: I approached Keska,"Will you introduce me to your grandmother?"I ask her. "Sure, I can do that." Her eyes glaze over, so I know she is linking someone. "Done, Nana will be here shortly, now that all the guests have arrived. When she gets here, I will introduce you to her." She says.“Thank you." Then I sign to ask her,"Does she really know how to kill a Lycan?" With a chuckle, she signs back "Yes, she really does, and she is teaching me, but sshh don't tell anyone that." I just smile at her.


KESKA: I excuse myself from Kina to check on the table. I noticed that we needed to replace the fruit plate and refill the dip, so I picked up the fruit plate with the dip bowl on it and headed to the kitchen. "Sarah, we need more fruit and dip." I say as I enter the kitchen. "It's in the last refrigerator, and the dip is in the big gallon jug marked with an F on it."She tells me. I busy myself refilling the bowl with the dip and take a fresh fruit tray out of the fridge and head back out to the hors d'oeuvres table.


KESKA: I came out of the kitchen with my hands full and headed over to the table when the ELDER MRS. SUTTER blocked my way. “May I please pass Grand Dame Sutter?" I asked, and then I linked Mackie, *“Please get Adrian, I'm just outside the family dining room with a tray of fruit in my hands and Amanda is going to start trouble."* I tried to step past her so I could continue to the dining room, but she kept stepping in my way. **“GRANDMOTHER!!** Step aside and let Keska pass." Adrian roared out.Drawing everyone's attention to her. "Adrian, dear, no need to yell, I was just making sure that she wasn't trying to poison us."


DRAKE:Hearing Adrian's roar, I headed out into the entryway to see what was happening. I see Mother, Keska, with a tray of fruit and Adrian."What's going on here?”“Your mother is being her typical bitchy self"Adrian says to me. I am shocked to hear him talk like that about his
grandmother. “Adrian! That's no way to speak about your grandmother."I say to him. "Oh, and I suppose that letting her bully one of your children is ok, is it? Didn't you make a promise to Uncle Carson about bullying? I do believe that that also included your mother!" I look at Keska and motion for her to continue to the dining room. “Mother,please leave Keska alone. Or are you trying to get the pack taken away from us?"I say to her. "She is just helping the kitchen staff today." “Drake darling, I would never try to get the pack taken away from you, dear. Never." *Shit I think I just figured out who is missing from the guest list, and Keska knew it all along. Well, as she is fond of saying, give them enough rope'and they will hang themselves.* I will hnave to call Carson. I open a link to Carla. *(“Dear, I figured out who is missing, and that Keska knew it all along, it's Carson.”) (“Oh, shit you are right Liam did say that she said we were missing someone important fromn the guest list.") ("Yes and now we know who, I will call him and see if he is anywhere close.")* Just at that moment, the door opens and in walks Lilly, not the person I want to see at the moment, as I am in the middle of dealing with my mother, and I know she doesn't like her.


LILLY: I walked in the front door of the pack house to see Alpha Drake,Alpha Adrian, and that BITCH Amanda, even Cinder my wolf does not like her, and lets out a low growl. (“Cinder stop, we need to play nice for a short time, play our cards right, and then when the time is right,we will help Kes when she accepts her rejection.") I say to my wolf.(“Only for our grand pup.") She says back to me. I nod to Alpha Drake and Alpha Adrian. I lin Keska. *"I am here dear."* I see her come from the dining room with a very pretty blonde. "Nana!" She comes and gives me a hug.and I see the disapproving look on Amanda's face. "Hello, dear.”“Nana,this is Luna Kina, Adrian's mate. Luna Kina, this is my Nana Lilly Brookes." She introduces us. I offer my hand to the Luna. "Miss Lilly,it is an honor to meet you." "It is very nice to meet you as well, my dear.
please tell me what is your.home Pack?"

DRAKE: As Lilly is talking to Adrian's mate. I lead Mother into the dining room.“Please do not start trouble, mother." I say to her. Then I take out my phone and call my Uncle Carson. "Hello?" Carson answers his phone. "Hello, Uncle, are you anywhere close by chance?"I ask,"Not really.I am down in the southern part of Wisconsin, why?"“We are having a small gathering for the twins' graduation tonight. I am sorry about the short notice, but we have been rather busy with a couple of financial business issues, on top of the party preparations." I tell him.


KESKA: After bringing Kina out to meet Nana, I goto the kitchen to check in with Sarah, and she hands me a pitcher of lemon iced water to take to the dining room. As I walk in, I hear my father on the phone. *“Sorry. Father, is that Uncle Carson?"* I link him. “Hold on a minute.Carson."“Ye,s it is." He says to me. "Will you please ask him to come for my birthday?" I ask father to ask him. "Carson, Keska would like for you to come to her birthday.""Tell her I will be there, and as for the twins'graduation, I am sorry, but I will have something for them when I come for Keska's birthday."“Ok, Carson, and again I am sorry about the short notice."*(there wouldn't have been a short notice, but that's on them.)* I think to myself. I turn to walk out of the dining room when I feel a pain in my upper right arm again. “OWW!” I screech. Which brings Adrian,Kina, and Nana into the dining room, and makes my father turn to see the elder Mrs. Sutter with her wolf's claws buried in my arm.


LILLY: I was talking with Luna Kina, “I am originally from the Dark Moon Pack." She answers my question. We were just outside the dining room when I heard Keska scream. I storm into the dining room, and I see that bitch with her claws in my grand pup. "YOU WILL TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY GRAND PUP!" Cinder roars at her. I was pushed to the back of my mind before I could even assess the situation. "What? She was
being disrespectful to me and was not listening. I asked her to please pour me a glass of water, and she ignored me." «**I said. remove your hand,or I will remove it from your arm!**" Cinder growled at her. "Cinder, please calm down. Mother! Did I not just ask you not to start trouble? Let Keska go.now!" Drake said to her.

###Chapter 31

CARLA: I hear the commotion coming from the dining room along with everyone else in the house, and I make my way there to see what in the world was going on. I thought that I might have heard my mother's wolf.and if that was the case I knew there was going to be trouble, Cinder is a very laid back wolf. so when she makes an appearance there is hell to pay.“Cinder. please give control back to Mother." I say very calmly to her.“NOT UNTIL SHE RELEASES MY GRAND PUP!" she growls. “Amanda,let go of Keska now! Cinder will not stay calm for long." I tell Amanda.


James: I was in the mniddle of a game of pool with Wyatt and the twins from Cold Moon. Blake and Blane. when we heard the roar of a wolf.“Who was that?" Wyatt asked. "remember when you thought that you piss off Nana?"“Yes."“Well Nana is Piss off now, that was Cinder. Nana Lilly's Wolf. and who ever pissed her off better know what they are in for,she can still hold her own with some of our warriors." I tell them as we made our way to the dining room, where everyone was. When we get there,we all see Mimi with her wolf's claws dug into Keska's arm, and Cinder about to take total control of Nana Lilly. *"What's going on, James?"* Jessie links me. *"Mimi just pissed off Cinder, by picking on Keska."* I link back.**By the goddess, why can't she go away somewhere and stop causing problems for us. This is supposed to be our day, and she has to steal our spotlight. I hope Mimi teaches her a lesson."* Jessie links back. I just closed the link on her, she will never change, I am now starting to see where Jessie gets it from, and I let her manipulate me. I don't like that I let it happen so easily to myself, is it because of the twin thing? I don't know,but I do know that I have to be stronger than that from now on.


KESKA: Mrs. Sutter is not letting me go. I was going to wait to do this,but in order to keep Cinder from shifting,I accept her rejection. “I, Keska
Sutter of Blue Crescent Pack, do hereby accept your rejection, Amada Sutter of Moon Rise Pack. Per your request. I am not your grandchild." She let out a long, harsh wail and dropped to her knees, letting go of my arm in the process. I just walk over to Nana and Cinder. “It's ok now. Cinder, you can let Nana come back." I say to her. She sniffs me, sniffs my arm, then she raises the cap sleeve and just licks mny arm, until she has calmed down enough, and the bleeding has stopped. That is when I noticed her eyes change back.


DRAKE: Now I know where Jessie gets it from, my side of the family. My mother is a narcissist hell bent on always having her way, I can see why Uncle Carson was leery of letting me have the pack. I am disgusted with my mother.“Adrian, please link your grandfather to the dining room to take his mate to their room." I say to my nephew. A couple of minutes later, my father came into the room."What the hell is going on in here?”“Keska just accepted mother's rejection." I tell him. I don't eventry to disperse the onlookers, mother always wanted a scene, so now she has one.I link Carla, *“Take your mother and Keska to the kitchen and see to her
arm please."“Yes,dear.”*

CARLA: I approach Mother and Keska very calmly; I do not want Cinder to feel threatened.“Mother, let's get Keska to the kitchen where we can attend to her arm." I say to her. "I will take her, you can stay and deal with that bitch, but if she ever lays a hand on my grand pup again I will end her." She says to everyone present. I flinch hearing her say that.

LILLY: I don't care that Charles heard me, I meant what I said, I will! end her. I walk Keska to the kitchen. "Sarah, please get me the first aid kit."I say as I walk into the kitchen. "Yes, Miss Lilly.”“ And you were finally fully healed from the last time she did this."“I know Nana." Sarah comes and hands me the kit. I start to clean Kes's arm with peroxide, and then I put an antibiotic ointment in the claw marks. "I know this is going to hurt
some, but it has to go into the wound to be effective." I tell her.“I know.”She says between clenched teeth.


JAMES: We were all stunned when we heard Nana say what she did.Grandfather was helping Mimi up, to get her to their room to rest. I had no idea that Mimi had clawed Kes. I know she slapped her,but not clawed her. I know she rejected her as well. I guess Jessie has company now.“Come on guys." I say. I don't want to be around Mimi anymore.“Did you bring your suits?" I asked them, "We can go to the pool and chill before we have to get ready for commencement." I say,“and link your siblings to join us." I link Jessie, *“The guys and I are going to the pool,see if the girls want to join us."*

JESSIE: I was sitting in the garden with Leasha, Janica, Marla, Dedi, and Star when all the roaring and ruckus happened. I linked James to ask him what was happening. I kept the girls out of it. I knew that Star would take Keska's side, and so would Janica and I didn't want my day to be runed by that little bitch's tantrum, so I just said that it was probably some of the warriors training outside. And kept them away from going to investigate. When I got the link from James that the guys were going to go to the pool, I asked the girls if they wanted to go; some of them got links from their brothers. We decided to join the guys at the pool.

GIRLS: Collectively, we got links from our brothers, except for Star.We all asked what the heck happened? James's grandmother, Mrs. Sutter,almost started a fight with his other grandmother, Miss Brookes. They told us. So now we know that Jessie misled us, not actually lied, but deliberately misled us. But we all decided to join the guys at the pool. (STAR: I link Mackie,*"What is going on?""Amanda just dug her wolf claws into Keska's arm, and she cried out in pain, which brought Nana Lilly to her rescue and well Amanda is in deep shit with Miss Lilly!"“We are going to the pool. are you going to join us?"“It's better that we don't, see you at
dinner."* I close the link.)

CHARLES: I helped my mate to our room to rest before we went to the high school for the commencement ceremony. “Are you happy now?"I asked her,"You had to cause a scene, and look what happened to you.Are you even going to be able to go to the ceremony?”“How dare that little bitch reject me!" my mate seethes at me. “She didn't reject you; she just accepted your rejection of her. Now you know what that feels like, and you can't undo it." I say to her. "Not to mention you have severely piss off Lilly Brookes.""Oh, who cares about her? She is nothing!”“Nothing!Lilly Brookes is nothing, you don't have a clue about who she is,do you?”I asked her. "No, and why should I care?”“Because my sweet mate! Her family is the only one that has killed a Lycan. Do you understand that?Her family holds a position in the royal guard, to the royal Lycan family.So,when she said she will end you, I do not believe that there will be anybody who could stop her." I tell her, “So, for my sake,leave Keska alone.”
###Chapter 32

KESKA: After Nana cleans and bandages my arm, I give her a big hug. I just hold on to her and let the tears fall. She holds me and rocks me like a small child, till the tears stop. "Nana, may I go run the course? I will take Mackie with me, just until they all leave to go to the school, then I will come help Sarah with dinner." "Of course, my dear." “May I take Adrian and Kina to show them?"“Of course, you might even want to take Liam as well."“Thank you Nana.""Welcome, sweety." I turn to Sarah, link me please when you start on dinner, we (I point to Mackie and myself.) will come help." I say to her. "I will make sure to do that." She tells me. I then link Liam, *“Are you having fun?""Not so much.”“Do you want to goto Nana's andrun the obstacle course?""Yes, Please!" “Meet me and Mackie at the front of the pack house in 5 minutes, we might have a surprise."“Ok. I'll be there."* I close the link and go in search of Adrian and Kina.


DRAKE: After father took mother to their room, I looked around the dining room, and saw the faces of some of our guests. I don't even try to make excuses for what just happened. “Mother has always been an eccentric scene maker, and leaves everyone else to clean up her messes. I am sorry that you all had to witness that, but please let us go out and join the kids at the pool and enjoy ourselves until we all have to make our way to the school." I say to everyone. I link Carla, *“Have the omegas move the hors d'oeuvres table out to the poolside." "Alright, dear."*


KESKA: I go in search of Adrian and Kina, and not finding them, I call Adrian.“Hello.”“Hi, would you and Kina like to join Mackie, Liam, and me? We are going to go over to Nana's to run the obstacle course she has in her backyard." "Hold on, and I will ask her.” (Kina dear, Keska is on the phone and wants to know if you would like to go to her Nana's house.she has an obstacle course, from what I understand."“I would absolutely
love to go; it could be fun to try the course ourselves, and it might prove advantageous for training.""Where do we meet you?" at the front door of the pack house in about 3 minutes." I hang up and Mackie and I go to my room and change out of our dresses and into shorts, tee shirts,and cross trainers, and head downstairs to the front door. Liam is already there,and a minute later, Adrian and Kina show up. Nana comes walking up behind us al1. “Are we all ready?" she asks the group assembled.We all answer “Yes.”And head out.


KESKA: On the walk to Nana's, I tell Adrian about what happened with Jessie and that I accepted her rejection as well, and now she can't link me."Why didn't you tell me that?” Liam said. “Because I didn't want you influenced by what was happening between me and Jessie. She is still your sister,evena though I broke our bond by accepting her rejection.”I tell him.“And you have already felt the rift it has caused with your argument with Lissa that night at the dinner table. I don't want you fighting with them because of me." I tell him. We spend the afternoon running the course.Nana has a target set up at the very backend of the course. It looks like an oversized stuffed wolf's head on a wooden pole dressed in oversized raggedy clothes stuffed with hay and straw. "Now this time,Kes,you are going to make your way to the target as quietly as you can, and from as high as you can. Do you understand ?""Yes, Nana,” I say to her. I run the course with everyone there watching me. I get about 2/3rds. Of the way up the last pole and I make a leap to the target, I grip it as hard as I can, and I end up sliding down to the ground.


LILLY: I look at everyone,“Now you know how my grandfather killed that Lycan so long ago. I would appreciate it if you kept it to yourselves."Those present nodded at me.


ADRIAN: I received a link from my grandfather. *“Where are you? It's time to leave for the school," "We will be right there; we were spending
time with Miss Lilly at her house."* I link back. "Time to go dear."I tell my mate. "Thank you so much, Miss Lilly, it's been a pleasure spending time with you, I hope to see more of you in the future." My mate says to our host.“The pleasure was all mine. I will see you at the school.”She says. and we take our leave.


LILLY: "It's time. girls. Liam, to get ready to go."“Do we have to,Nana?”Liam whines at me. "Liam! Yes, we have to, it's your brother's and sister's graduation ceremony, if you don't go,you will end up regretting it in the end. Not to mention that they will not let you forget that you did not go."I tell him."Nana, Mackie, and I have to go back to the pack house to change." Kes says.“Stephen will take you, then come to get me and we will pick you three back up in 10 minutes, so hurry and be ready." I tell them."Stephen,"I call out. "Yes, Miss Lilly?”“Please come and take the kids to the pack house.""Yes. Miss Lilly.” I watch as they drive away,then make my way to my room where I change into something a little dressier for the commencement ceremony. And make sure that I am ready when Stephen comes back.

KESKA: We get back to the pack house, Mackie and I go to my room, and Liam goes to his to change. Mackie and I put our dresses back on that we had on earlier in the day, and Liam changed into a pair of casual slacks and a button-down shirt that sets his eyes off. "You are going to give James a run for his money." I tell him. He blushes at me. “Stop!”“You will have to ride home with the rest of the family." I tell him,"Mackie and I will haveto leave after Wyatt walks, or the twins, whichever comes last,because we promised we would help with dinner, and I will have to remind Nana of that when they come to get us." I tell him.
###Chapter 33

LILLY: We pull up at the front of the pack house. I link Keska. *“We are out front."* I close the link. The three of them come out of the house and climb into the limo with me. "Nana Mackie and I need to leave right after the twins or Wyatt walk, we promised to help with dinner prep and clean up."“Not a problem dear, we will sit in the back so as not to disturb anyone when we leave."


KESKA: The commencement went in alphabetical order,so Wyatt walked first, as their last name is Dawson, then Star, as her last name is Gleeson,then the twins, as soon as Jessie cleared the stage, we left for the pack house. Mackie and I make a mad dash into the house and into the kitchen and jump into getting the serving bowls and serving platters, along with the utensils, out and organized. Then we filI the bowls with veggies and potatoes, while Sarah is making the wine sauce for the chicken,well,actually, Cornish game hens, but still chicken. It was about 30 minutes after we got back to when the others camne in, we had the dining room set and ready to go for them. Mackie and I stayed in the kitchen,taking the empty bowls from the omegas and refilling them, and handing them back.Minimizing the exposure and lessening the possibility of causing problems,so the twins, Wyatt and Star, can have their day.


LIAM: I miss having Kes at the table with us, but I now know why things have been the way they have been, thanks to Jessie, but even more right now with Mimi being so mean to her. I'm just glad that Kes got some back on Mimi.


JAMES: “After dinner, what would you all like to do?" I asked the group as a whole.


LIAM: "I am up for going to Nana's to run the obstacle course and watch
Kes burn you."“The only reason she could is because she has been doing longer." James answers back. "Oh! Please, Kes can't outdo anyone on anything." Jessie states. "I bet she can outdo you on it for sure." “No, she can't." “Bet me.” “Ok fine, $20.00.”“Done.”


ADRIAN:“I'll take that bet as well if you're up for the challenge,Jessie.”“Fine, I will show you all what a loser she is."


CARLA:“Jessie! Stop picking on your sister!""And don't you think you should ask your grandmother before inviting everyone to her house, young man?”“Sorry,Mom.”Liam answers. I notice Jessie says nothing.


LIAM:“Nana,can we go and run the course? Please?" Chuckling at him,“I don't mind, but I do not have as much space as the pack house does, so it will be a bit cramped. especially since the course takes up most of my yard." With a grin on my face, I link Kes. *"Hey, are you done?”“Not until everyone leaves the dining room so we can clean it up."“Leave it to the staff, you and Mackie go get changed, Jessie is going to lose at least $40.00 bucks, maybe more if more people jump in on the betting." “Liam, it won't be Jessie paying, it will be Father, do you think that is fair? And do you think it will teach her a lesson?"“Yep, considering everything that has happened,yep, because you will smoke her on the course."*

JAMES: I linkWyatt. *"Don't get involved with the betting unless you want to lose. Kes and your sister have been running that course since Nana put it up 2 months ago." “Why haven't we been on it before now?”“Because I just recently found out about it myself so if you want your ass handed to you by your little sister stay quiet."“My lips are sealed.”*“I'm up for going to check it out anyway." I say aloud. Everyone at the table agrees.


KESK A: "Liam just made a bet with Jessie that I could take her on the
obstacle course, and from the sounds of it, Adrian also took that bet." I told Mackie. "We promised to help with cleaning up, though. Remember.""Yes, and I am not going back on my word;we will help with the cleanup.”“Sarah?”"Yes, Kes?"“Is the pack dining room empty?”“I believe it is,why?”"Then Mackie and I will start our clean-up in there."“Ok.”

KINA:“Where is Keska,by the way? If this is going to involve her,shouldn't she be here to give her consent?"

AMANDA:“No! Why should she? She needs to do as she is told!"

LILLY:“You need to keep your mouth shut! Amanda. Keska has every right to give her consent, whether you like it or not. You have no say."

DRAKE:“We have had enough of you, mother. Stop causing trouble and trying to influence the kids into rude and bad habits and bad choices. And Jessie, you also need to apologize to your mother, you didn't even acknowledge the fact that she spoke to you!" "Sorry, daddy."“Not to me,young lady, your mother!" “Sorry, Mom." “Thank you,Jessie," Carla says to her. "I don't care if the kids want to go run the course, Lilly, but I think the adults, minus yourself, of course, as it is your home, may wish to stay here?" I speak to the room at large. Most of the adults agree, except Adrian and Kina. “James, link your sister and find out where she is.”“Ok,Dad.”


KESKA: Mackie and I head to the pack dining area and start cleaning up the dishes and taking down the streamers that we had put up earlier in the day. Mackie stacked the dishes on the cart, and I washed and wiped the tables dry. With the two of us working in tandem, we finished the pack's dining room in about 15-20 minutes. Leaving just the family dining room for the staff to take care of. We stacked the dishes in the dishwasher and started the wash cycle at 30 minutes. "I think we have everything in
the pack dining room done Sarah." I tell her. “Thank you, Keska, you've been an enormous help today." She says giving me and Mackie a hug.

JAMES: *"Where are you?"* I linked Keska. *"Staying out of sight and there for staying out of trouble, so if something happened, you can't blame me for it this time." “That didn't answer the question.""I am helping with clean up and dishes, why?"“Dad and Nana have given permission for all of us to go run the obstacle course.""So, what does that have to do with me? And since when does father have to give permission for Nana?”“You are annoying, you know that."“Now, who hasn't answered the question?"*"She says she is helping with the cleanup and dishes." I tell Dad.


KESKA:“Let's go change if we are to run the course, I'm not doing it in my dress." I say to Mackie. "Agreed." We both headed up to my room to change.
###Chapter34

DRAKE: Of course she is. *“Keska, did you even go to the graduation ceremony?"* I linked her. *“Yes, Father, I did. not that anyone would have cared. I sat with Nana at the back so we wouldn't disturb anyone. As soon as Jessie cleared the stage, we left. I promised we would help with dinner.and unlike some people, we keep our word."* Even that was delivered emotionlessly. I have messed up with her big time. *“You need to come join the family now. The staff can finish.”“Yes, father."* I close the link.

KESKA: “Time to go join the masses." I tell Mackie. "Who were you linking?”“First James and then father." "Oh well, if Alpha says we need to go, then I guess we had better go.""Indeed."We leave my room and head downstairs to join everyone in the family room. We walk in and take seats.say hi to those around us. and wait for whatever is supposed to happen to happen. We were sitting there for about 15 minutes when Jessie started griping,“Where is she, goddess is she going to make us wait forever?”“Who are you talking about. Jessie?" Star asked, “Our stupid sister, we are waiting on her after all."“ENOUGH! JESSIE!” Father roared at her. I was shocked, he has never done that before. Well, except that time in his office."She has been here for the last 15 minutes Jessie." Star told her. I just sat there looking at her.


LIAM: I just busted out laughing, I couldn't help it. I saw when she walked in and sat down. Star saw her too, but James, Jessie, Lissa, Dad,and Mom totally missed it.

LISSA: *“What are you laughing at?"* I linked Liam. *“The fact that she has been here for the last 15 minutes, and Jessie has had no clue.”“She should have said something, knowing we were waiting for her." “And how was she supposed to know we were waiting for her? Did you tell her? Did James tell her? Did Dad tell her? Nobody ever waits for her, so how was
she supposed to know? You are becoming more like Jessie every day."*I close the link and just glare at him.


LIAM: I just laughed harder after my chat with my sister. I just couldn't help it. I was in the middle of a full-on laughing fit.


KESKA: “Liam, are you ok?” I asked him, but he just kept laughing.then Star started to laugh, then Blake and Blane started to laugh.Josh and Leasha joined in the laughter, Colton, Janica, and Wyatt all started to laugh as well, and even James was smiling. Mackie and I were smirking but not outright laughing. I saw that Lissa was glaring at Liam. “Liam,breathe shallow breaths." I tried coaching him to help the laughing fit he was in.“Shallow breaths, ok?" He was nodding his head at me. I got up and went to the buffet counter and got him some water, and as I did. I linked him,*“Please don't fight with Lissa."* I brought it back and helped him.“Small sips, I don't want you choking because you swallowed wrong." After about another 10 minutes to get everyone calmed down and we were off to Nana's. When we get there, I show everyone to the backyard, then I go ask Nana if she needs me to help her with anything. “No, my dear, just go have fun with everyone." When I got back outside, I noticed that the target wolf was gone. *"Nana, the target is gone."* I link her. *“Yes, dear,that is for you to work on, not for everyone else to try; remember it's a closely guarded family secret for a reason."“Yes, Nana.”* I close the link.

JESSIE:“So where do we start?" I asked out loud. "Where do you want to start?" Nana asked back."I will start at the porch and run it that way."“Very well, just remember to incorporate every piece of the course." She tells me. "Thank you1, Nana, I got this." I say to her.


KESK A: I go to the balance beam in the middle of the course and head in the opposite direction from Jessie. I know how to run the course,and I also know she will take the easier way through it. I am going to go up
and over her without her even knowing where I am. Nana shouts,"GO!"and we both take off. I hit the center of the balance beam and turn left on it.walk-run to the end take a leap and grab the swinging rope, I get it to swing harder and then threw my weight at the high poles, there were 5 of them I slide half way down the first pole and then leaped to the next one I use it to launch myself at the next one, going sideways across the poles,kind of like the bike in the cage going round and round really fast. Then I launch myself at the rings, which there were 6 of, swinging over to the rope on the opposite side from where I started, I wrap my leg in the rope to slow it down, hand over hand down it and leap to the balance beam on the right side and walk-run to the center and step off. I turned to see where Jessie was in her progress, and she was just getting to the rope at the left side of the course and hadn't even touched the balance beam yet.I go inside to get us each a bottle of water and come back out with them.“I won; I told you all she was a loser." I walk over to her and offer her the water. I don't say anything because she is just hurting herself, and in front of the company, she is more and more like Mimi every day. She looks at me like I have two heads when I offer her the water, and she just snatches it from me.

LIAM: I knew Jessie would pull some crap, so I recorded it to show her that Kes, In fact, was the winner and she had to pay up. "No way, there is no way she could have won! She must have cheated." “No, she didn't, she won fair and square. Pay up, I believe you owe me $20.00 and Adrian $20.00." I tell her. (Inside, I am jumping for joy for Kes, I am so happy for her.)


JAMES: Seeing that Jessie was about to through a fit, I link her. *“Let it go,Jessie, or you are going to embarrass yourself in front of everyone." “But how is it that she won? Without cheating?”“You have to remember that she has been running this course since Adrian's swearing-in ceremony,
that's why she knows it."“Just pay up and be a good sport and don't act like Mimi."* I close the link. "I think I will give it a try next."I say out loud.


KESKA: We all spent the next couple of hours at Nana's running the course. Nana even ups the hardness degree a bit and puts the swinging bags over the balance beam. Mackie and I have run it with them in play before, so even with them, we still came out on top. It is getting late,around 9:30ish, when Nana finally calls it. "All right, Kids, time to be done.the sun is down, and I don't want anybody getting hurt." She calls out to all of us.
###Chapter35

KESKA: We all say goodnight to Nana. "Do you need me to stay and help clean anything?" I ask her. “No dear,go back to the house and get some rest,you had a busy day today with all the work you did." She tells me.“Ok, Nana, love you." I tell her."Love you too." She says. I headed out to the front of the house to find Adrian, Kina, Mackie, and Liam waiting for me. “You guys didn't have to wait for me, you could have left with the rest of them.""Yes, but then we wouldn't get to gossip." Liam says.“Liam,we don't gossip; that is left for Jessie and her cronies." They all busted out laughing. “I noticed a change in James." Adrian says. “Yeah, that is because I let it slip that I was not the one who broke Mr. Rickman's window last year, but I am the one who got punished for it. Father was furious and made them go to him and apologize, and I guess James got told a few things that he didn't like hearing. I heard he actually volunteered himself and Wyatt to work for Mr. Rickman for two months.just like I had to, to pay for the window.""Wow, that is impressive. There may be hope for him yet." Adrian says."I won't hold my breath. Father also told him and Jessie they needed to apologize to me, hasn't happened yet, and I doubt Jessie ever will, you saw how she acted tonight. And the real kicker is I have a week of hard training with the elite Deltas, because I told a student to contact Beta Pierse about Jessie bullying her instead of telling father about it first, as if that would have done any good, because it's Jessie we're talking about." "Well, hopefully she will find her mate in another pack at the mate ball that will coincide with their birthday." We walked the rest of the way back, just chit-chatting about nothing important.


KESKA: I woke the next morning to pounding on my door."Are you going to sleep the day away, sleepy head?" I heard Adrian's voice.“You'll miss seeing us off if you do," He says. “I'm up now!"“Hurry or you will miss breakfast.""I will be down in 5 minutes." I yell through the door.I
hurry through my morning routine I dress in shorts and a tee shirt. but because I slept later than I wanted I wasn't able to help in the kitchen, to stay out of sight of everyone, so I just grabbed a plate and sat at the end of the table where I hoped I wouldn't be as noticed.


JAMES: I was up early, as I wanted to spend as much time with our friends as possible before they had to leave after lunch. After breakfast.I asked everyone what they would liketo do before they had to leave. The twins from Cold Moon, Blake and Blane, voted for the game room, the rest agreed,so after breakfast we all headed to the game room to shoot some pool and play video games. "How about boys against the girls in a game of Pool?” Jessie calls out. "Sure." One of the guys says. So, we divided into our groups. Josh, Blake, Blane, Colton, Wyatt, and myself, against Leasha,Janica,Star,Didi, Marla, and Jessie. I knew it wasn't going to be a walk in the park because other than Didi and Marla, the girls were all ranked,most of them Alpha, with Star being Beta. “Best 2 out of 3 wins." I said.


KESKA: While the others went to play in the game room, Mackie and I helped with cleaning up after breakfast. "What are you doing?" Mom asked me. "Cleaning up like I always do, why?”“Shouldn't you be in the game room with the rest of them?" “They don't even notice that I'm not there,so no. I will do what I always do and help with clean-up,and then maybe take Adrian and Kina to the archery range." I tell her.

LIAM: I got bored after the first round of pool, so I searched for Kes. I couldn't find her in the house, so I linked her. *"Where are you?"“At the archery range with Adrian, Kina, and Mackie why?" “Mind if I come join you?”“No,be my guest."* I closed the link and told Mom I was going to the archery range. When I got there, they were all taking turns shooting."Hey,what are you doing?""Accuracy shots." Mackie answered."Are you bettíng?”“No, just shooting.""Can I try?" "Sure, go ask Kent for more arrows, though, ok?" "Ok," I go inside the building and call out to Kent."
Hey, Kent, Mackie said we needed more arrows." “Be right there." A couple of minutes later, Kent came from his back room. "Here you go." “Thanks." I take the quiver and head back out to where Kes, Mackie,Adrian, and Kina are. "So, what's the game plan?" “Take the last target,and aim for a head shot, a heart shot, and a groin shot, hit as close as you can to eachtarget spot. We will wait for you to catch up." Mackie tells me."Ok, but why those areas?"“Because each one will either be a kill shot, or it will incapacitate the enemy, to allow for escape of a pack member, or take a prisoner for questioning." Kes says. I never thought about it that way. I walk over to take up my position at the last target, I aim, and let fly.I miss the head completely. I take my next shot at the heart, bullseye,then the groin. I hit the stomach. “Well, I didn't do very good." I said.“You did better than you know." Kes tells me."And with more practice,you will be one of our top shooters." Mackie says.“You did better than me.” Kina says. “Kes is the best though." I say. “No, I'm not, I am good, but not the best, that title is Mitchell's." Kes says.“What about the tracker dad put on us?" I asked. “Considering I don't know which one he had tailing us, I couldn't say."“What do you mean? He had you followed?" Adrian asked "Yes, it was after the blowup at dinner one night, that happened after the whole Jessie thing in his office, after everything I had said, which got said in front of Jessie, all she did was smile at the fact that I had taken the blame for so much of her shit, she almost started to laugh."“They were making plans to go shopping, and I didn't want to go, so I asked to hang with Kes, and Mackie, then at dinner that night dad was asking how everybody's day went, and we got the subject of the next day, and I think I kinda blew it because I wanted to still to hang with them and it came out that they took aikido lessons at the dojo down the road." I tell Adrian."Hey, Liam, it's ok, we aren't angry, so don't worry about it.” Kes tells me.


KESKA: I get a link from mom. *"Time to come for lunch, and to say goodbye to everyone," "Ok, on our way."* "Time to go home for lunch."I
tell everyone. Adrian signs to me. ("Did you get in trouble for the whole Aikido issue.") I sign back ("Not as of yet, but it remains to be seen if he will add anything to my week of training.")
###Chapter 36

LIAM: "Why do you guys do that?" I asked. "Do what?" Kes asked back."That stuff with your hands."“It's a form of communication,so you can talk with someone who might be deaf." Adrian tells me. “Who would be deaf. your wolf would heal it." "Not necessarily, mny Gamma has a cousin who is deaf, she won't get her wolf for another 2 years yet, so we won't know if her wolf will beable to heal her or not." (While Adrian is telling Liam about his Gamma's cousin. I take the quivers back into Kent and pay him for the rental.) "What happened to her?" "Their pack was under attack when she was being born, and an explosion went off next to the clinic that caused her to go deaf." "Oh. wow, thnat's messed up." “Yes. it is.but it was not her fault. and so My Gamma and I are teaching my pack to sign so that they understand how to communicate with her, if or when she comes to visit. and not to be mean and bully her." "Can I learn?" I asked.“Mackie and I will teach you if you truly want to learn." Kes tells me.“Even though we are still learning ourselves, that's why I take every chance I can to sign with Adrian, so I continue to learn as well." She tells me.“Cool.”


KESKA: We head back to the Pack house for lunch.


JAMES: I noticed Adrian, Kina,Liam,Mackie, and Kes coming in from outside.*"Where were you guys?"* I linked Liam. *"We were at the archery range,why?”“No reason, just curious."“Kes was giving me shooting pointers, so that I will be helpful if the pack gets attacked."“You will be in the safe room with Mom, and the girls if the pack gets attacked.""Yeah right."*


KESKA: I see that James and Liam are linking, and the look on Liam's face is sour. I link into the two of them. ""'What's going on?”“James said that if the pack comes under attack that I will be in the safe room with
Mom and you girls." “Liam, you probably will, but that doesn't mean you can't be effective in the attack, you will be able to help defend the people in the safe room, by being able to make every shot count you will be able to do 20 kills, and if you are able to retrieve any arrows you will be able to incapacitate others so they can't hurt anyone that is with you. So,there is no need to be upset with what James said. Ok?”“Ok. Hear that.James, I will still be able to help."“Yeah, right." “Stop it. James. With what he did today.he just needs a bit of practice.and he will be very effective and very deadly with a bow." "Yeah, just like Kes was." “What are you talking about. Liam?"“Kent told me that Kes and Mackie took out like 6 or 8 of the rogues that attacked us a couple of months ago."*


CARLA: I notice that 3 of my children are not paying attention, so I link into their conversation. *“Enough you 3. we have guests that will be leavinng soon. you need to be conversing with them not each other."“Sorry Mom.”* I get from all three of them.


JAMES: I am going to have to talk to Dad after everyone leaves.


KESK A:"Hey, where did you get off to?" Janica asked me. "I was down at the archery range with Alpha Adrian, Luna Kina, Mackie, and Liam."“Why didn't you say something? I love archery." “Sorry, when you come back for the twins' birthday/mating ball, we can get in a few rounds,and if you're lucky, your mate will be able to join us as well." “Or mates.”“Yes.or mates." We both end up chuckling. We all enter the family dining room for lunch. When lunch was over, I started to help with clean-up, and my mom stopped me. "It's time you joined the rest of the family and see our guests off." She says to me. I almost want to argue with her, they are not my guests, but the twins. Her's, and fathers, they had nothing to do with me except Adrian and Kina. But I didn't. I walked to the front of the house with the rest of the family. Waved goodbye as everyone climbed into their vehicles and headed to the pack gates. As the last vehicle
rounded the curve out of sight. I turned and went straight to helping clean up from lunch.


JOSH:"Do you think they will ever change?" I asked. "What do you mean.Josh?""That they will ever accept Keska as part of the family?" "I would hope so, son. I would hope so." My dad said.


LEASHA: “I don't think Jessie ever will, she is too enamored with her Mimi Sutter. At Adrian's swearing in. and Luna's Ceremony, they said that the elder Mrs. Sutter rejected Keska in public, and no one said a word to her about it.""That woman is a piece of work, I feel sorry for Drake and Adrian having to be related to that atrocious woman." Mom said.“That makes sense now." Josh said, “What makes sense?"“Keska accepted her rejection, which put her on her knees, too bad though I would have like to see Miss Lilly kick her ass." "Josh!" both our parents scolded him. "So that's what happened, huh, Jessie tried to get us to believe that it was the warriors training outside." I said. "You will have to be cautious when dealing with whoever she gets mated to." I said.


COLTON: “I am almost afraid to go back for their birthday/ Mating ball."I say out loud. "Why is that, Colton?" My dad asked. "Because I don't want to be mated to Jessie; she is a spoiled brat.""Colton!" Mom scolded.

JANICA: “No mom it's true, she through a fit when we were at their Nana's house and Keska smoked her on the obstacle course, and I overheard her and her friends talking about how Keska got punished for all the crap that the twins have pulled over the years, she got the belt, and has had to spend time in the cells all because of James and Jessie.""That doesn't seem like Drake." Dad says. "I can't speak to that; I am just telling you what I saw and heard." I tell them. "You will have to be careful when doing any dealings with whoever she ends up with, so you don't get taken and make sure you read all the fine print on any contract dealing with
them."I tell my brother.
###Chapter37
KESKA: I stacked the dishes in the dishwasher and started it. "Is there anything else I can do for you, Sarah?" “No, go and have fun, Kes." I link Mackie. *"Do you think we might catch the late class at the dojo?" “We might if we leave now and hurry."“Let's go."“I have to go get my Gi,at home."“Ok, I will meet you at the Copse Road."* I close the link and head up to my room to get my Gi and work out bag. And then head out to the back of the pack house, jump on my bike and head over to the dirt road that cuts through the copse of trees behind the cottages, to wait for Mackie.

JAMES: “Dad, did we have an attack a couple of months back?" “Yes.Why?"“Just something Liam said earlier."“What did he say?"“That Kes took out 6 or 8 of them by shooting them, I was just wondering if it was true.""I was told that several of them were shot with the silver and wolfsbane arrows, but no one knew who it was that shot them." He told me.“Why didn't you tell me about the attack?"“Itwas over before it even got started." He said. “But what exactly did he say about Kes?" “He said something to the effect of Kent told him that Kes and Mackie took out several rogues before our warriors engaged with them." I told him.

DRAKE: *"Liam, what do you know about the attack that happened a couple of months ago?"* I linked him. *“Kent told me that if it weren't for Kes and Mackie, we would have possibly lost people, but they caught the movement in the trees and were quick to act, and were shooting at them.He even said that there were a couple of families there and were saved because of Kes."* He almost sounded enamored with a little hero worship towards her. *"Thank you." "Welcome."”* I closed the link.


KESKA: We get to the dojo just in time to start with the second class of the afternoon. Then, after class. I asked to speak to Master Cho. "I may miss a few classes, because I have been given extra tasks to do at home."1
tell him."That is fine, as long as I know, your spot will be held for you."“Thank you, Master Cho." We head back home and get there before dinner.As we were coming out of the trees on the dirt road, I happened to see Betsy. "Hey, Betsey." “Oh, Hey, Kes.” “What brings you this way?" “Just out for a walk, I hope it's ok?" "Of course. Hey Betsy, would you be interested in earning a little money?""What would I have to do?"“Small task,but rewarding. Do you have a bike?” “Yeah, but what exactly will I be doing?”“Helping the senior pack members with their tasks and errands.shoveling snow, in the winter, mowing lawn in the spring and summer.Small stuff like that." “Sure, I suppose I could." “You might end up with my little brother as company, but if he doesn't pull his weight. let me know." "Ok, wait, what do you mean, your little brother?"“He may want to help. but with him there, there will be less likelihood of any bullying happening. Would you like to meet him?”“Sure? I guess?”“It's ok,you don't have to, I just thought that you would be a good fit for taking over for Mackie and me." "What are you going to be doing?"“We are going to try and get jobs in the human town. But Sshh it's a secret." “Ok. Yeah, I can meet your little brother." “Good.” I link Liam *"Hey little bro, are you busy?""No,where are you?" "In the front of the pack house, there is someone I want you to meet. Come out front.” “Ok.”* I close the link. A couple of minutes later, Liam comes out of the house."What's up,Kes?”“Lia,m this is Betsy, Betsy, my little brother Liam, Betsy will be a sophomore next year, when you and Lissa are freshmen." “H,” Betsy says,holding out her hand to Liam. “Hi."” He shakes her hand."The other thing I wanted to talk to you about is that Betsy will probably be joining us tomorrow when we do our senior pack visits.” “Oh, ok.”“Are you good on long bike rides, cause these two are crazy." He tells Betsy. "I can hold my own." She answers with a chuckle. "Good, we will meet here at about 3:00tomorrow afternoon. I can't do it earlier because I have stuff I have to do first." I tell Betsy. "Ok. I will be here. It was nice to meet you Liam."“Nice to meet you to Betsy." They shake hands again. and Betsy continues on
her walk.

LIAM: "What's going on Kes?" “What do you mean?”“Why is she coming with tomorrow?"“Well, if things work out like Mackie and I want.I want to know that the seniors will be taken care of. And I trust both of you to be able to do that.""What do you have planned?"“I will tell you if it works out. Ok, I promise." “Ok. “Oh, by the way. Dad was asking about the rogue attack a couple of months ago."“Why?”“Don't know, you'll have to ask him, or he may ask you."

KESK A:Shaking my head, we both say goodbye to Mackie as she makes her way home, and we head inside. I go wash up and go straight to the kitchen to help with dinner prep. I am completely caught up in my own thoughts about how tomorrow will play out, what training will be like, to how the elder pack members will take to Betsy and Liam taking over for Mackie and me, that I completely miss mom coming into the Kitchen.

CARLA: "Sarah, week after this one, we will be going to Dutch Wood and High Crest Packs to reciprocate them coming to the twins' graduation, so the twins and us won't be here, Beta Greg Gleeson will be in charge." “Yes,Luna.”“Then,when we return, we will go over the menu for the twins'birthday/Mating ball."“Yes,Luna.”"


KESKA: Fingers crossed now that everything else has calmed down, they will go back to their usual selves and forget that I'm here. They have already forgotten or deemed my birthday unnecessary, considering it is the week they will be gone. But again, that's ok too because I will have Uncle Carson to myself, and hopefully Mackie and I will have found a job by then as well. We finish with dinner, and I help with clean-up and dishes,and head to bed. If father wanted to know anything about the rogue attack,he didn't ask anything about it. I was so excited, hoping that my plans would work out, that I practically skipped up the stairs to my room. I wNaS
up early. I put on a sports bra under an old tee shirt. and yoga pants and my high-top cross trainers, and headed downstairs for breakfast. I joined the rest of the pack in their dining room, as the only one up in the family besides me was probably Father. And I wasn't going to have Sarah make something special for me.
###Chapter38

KESKA: I head out to the training grounds with the rest of the warriors,giddy with high expectations on how things were going to go.


MICHELL:"Keska, what are you doing here?"“I have a week's punishment of hard training with you. Father didn't tell you, did he!” “No,he did not. I will have to verify it with him." I link the Alpha. *“Alpha,Keska is here stating that she has punishment of a week of hard training.is this true?" "Shit, sorry Mitchell, yes she has punishment, it's a long story,but short version I fucked up, and no she really shouldn't have to be there, but if I rescind it, there will be an even bigger blow up, just put her with the newest batch of warriors that reached elite status, maybe put Frank with them." "Yes, Alpha."* “Alright, Kes, fall in line on the left side of the field."“Yes. sir.”“Frank, you will be working with the newbies this week per Alpha's request."“Great."

KESKA:We start with calisthenics and a half-loaded pack 5-mile run.After a short water break, we start with the hand-to-hand combat part of the training. I was put on defense first, and I know I probably shouldn't have done it, but I let my Aikido training kick in, along with all the training I did with Nana; defense was my thing. Dodging, weaving,and ducking, I was in my element. When I was put on offense,it was harder for me, and I struggled there. Frank had to actually take me back to where my training stopped to get me up to where I would be able to keep up with the guys, but I could take a punch, which surprised them.I stayed with them till training was over at arounad 1:00 in the afternoon. I headed back to the house to clean up and change into regular clothes for errand day. After meeting up with Betsy, Mackie, and Liam, we headed out to start our rounds. The Pack members took well to Betsy and Liam,Mackie and I coached them through each member's errands and what they
usually wanted done on what weekend, and let them keep the money that got paid to us. "Now, to keep things fair, we usually split the money 50-50.just because sometimes some jobs aren't as long or as hard as others, and then there will be times when you will have to work together to get something done, like flipping mattresses do you two think you can do that without fighting about it?" I asked them. "I think we can do that, but what happens if it can't be divided equally?” Betsy asked. “Then put it into a container until you can split it 50-50." I tell them.“I would also think about maybe starting a savings account so you can put it somewhere and you will earn interest on it, not saying you have to, but it will help avoid questions from nosy people." "Same time next weekend?” Betsy asked."You and Liam can start earlier if you want. The pack has accepted that you two will be coming now, so you can start whenever, but make sure you are together." I tell them. It was around 5ish when we headed back to our respective homes after Betsy and Liam agreed on a time for the next weekend. I am beat, not going to lie, today was rough, but I made it through it. Tomorrow won't be so hard, I don't think, because I won't have the Pack stuff to do.


KESKA: I am up at 6:30 and go do my morning routine and head downstairs, I pop into the kitchen to tell Sarah why I wasn't helping with the food prep and hope she wasn't angry, "goodness gracious child,no,I am not angry." And then go join the fighters in the pack dining room.I follow them out to the training field, and just like the day before,calisthenics and a 5-mile run with a half pack. But today, when we get back from the run, Jessie and Lissa are there sitting on the bleachers watching and cheering on the fighters. Today I am put on offense first,again I struggle with it, but better than yesterday. (“HA, HA, HA. YOU ARE SO PATHETIC YOU CAN'T EVEN FIGHT! HA, HA, HA!) came from the bleachers. I ignored Jessie and concentrated on the training. I watched as Frank demonstrated the correct stances and moves to be more effective
on offense. Then he partnered me with Brent Carter, who had just been promoted to the elite squad a couple of months before. (HA. HA, HA, GET HER BRENT! HA! HA! HA!) I took up my position and watched him, we circled each other, and I made my move, I started low with a leg swipe,and he jumped back, I completely missed him, as he landed he threw a punch which I dodged, I threw a punch which he dodged, we went back and forth like that for a while, I maybe landed a few blows, but he landed more, and every time he hit me Jessie cheered him on. We switched and I went on the defense and again bobbed, weaved, and dodge. (“YOU CAN'T CHEET LIKE THAT! STUPID COW!") I was tired of hearing her, so I decided to give her what she wanted most, and let Brent connect, he put me down, but I also know how to take a fall without getting hurt too much. (“YEAH! THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!") Jessie cheers from the bleachers. "Hold.” Frank calls out. "Kes, what is going on with you?"“I just thought I would give Jessie something to really cheer about.She wants to see me get beat, so I might as well give it to her, then maybe she will go away.""That won't happen; if anything, it makes it worse.”“Ok, I understand."“If you want Jessie to go away, I can tell the Alpha,and let him know she is harassing you."“NO! If you do,that will make it worse too, just keep an eye on her, so if anything does happen, you can be a witness.""Fine as long as you stop giving in and start doing what you're supposed to." "I will, I promise." I see Frank's eyes glaze over, so I know he either got a link or is linking someone. *(“Is there a problem with Jessie, Frank?"“Kes says no, but to keep an eye on her, just in case something might happen, there will be witnesses."“Does she expect trouble?”“Don't know, but she was very adamant about not telling the Alpha."“Fine for now, but if things escalate, I won't hesitate." “agreed.”)*"That wasn't Father, was it?”"No, it was Mitchell, he says that if things escalate with Jessie, he will be the one to inform the Alpha.""Now get your head in the right place and let's do it again.”“Yes,sir.”
LISSA: It seemed like Jessie was getting more worked up the more Kes took. She kept harassing Kes. I think, to make her mess up. I can kinda see what Liam was talking about now with Jessie. I link Liam.*“Where are you?""In the game room, why?"“Kes is doing her training,I thought you wanted to watch." "No. I just wanted you to watch Jessie. Is she there?”“Yes, and she is picking on Kes sort of." "Sort of, there is no sort of,what is she doing?"“Heckling her, trying to make her lose concentration and focus.""Well,good luck with that, it won't happen unless Kes does it on purpose.""What do you mean?"“Keska and Mackie are the most intensely focused people I know. I have watched them on the archery range, nothing short of Jessie standing right in front of her getting in her way is going to make Kes lose focus, unless, like I said, she does it on purpose. But stay and keep watch on Jessie."*I closed the link.
###Chapter39
JAMES: "What's up, little brother, we lost you." “Yeah, Lissa linked me."“Is she ok? Did anything happen to her?" "She is fine, she was letting me know that Kes was doing her training, and she thought I would want to watch.""Do you want to go watch?”“Naw.”“Why not? I thought you were close to Kes.""I am, but I don't need to watch her doing her punishment, especially when it wasn't right or fair to begin with."“I'm lost. Why is Lissa there?" “Because she was always getting on my case about not being on Jess's side of things when shit hit the fan. I could see that you two were being mean to Kes from the start, now I have got Lissa in a position to witness it firsthand, rather than taking Jessie's word for things all thetime. There are things that happened to Kes that you don't even know about, and don't ask me because she didn't say anything specific in front of me but ask Jessie, I'mn sure she will be more than happy to brag about what punishments Kes has had to go through because of you two."I could see he was pretty upset, so I left it alone.But I did link Jessie. *"Hey Jess.""What's up?"“You never did tell me what happened in Dad's office that night that Kes told Dad we broke Mr.Rickman's window.""Oh, well, it was fun as all get out really, every time we got her into trouble. Dad used his belt on her, and she even had to spend a week in the cells because of that broken window."* She giggles at me. *"Thanks for telling me."* I say and close the link. I am appalled at what she just told me, and Liam was right, she was happy to brag about it.I never thought about any of it growing up, Dad never did come back and punish us, unless he actually caught us doing something, or one of the teachers told him we had done something wrong. But it was always a grounding or loss of privileges, never the belt. *"What's up, James, you look like you just saw a ghost or something."* Wyatt linked me.*"Man, I have fucked up big time and I think dad did even worse."“What are you talking about?"'"Well, I have just put some things together, and I wouldn'
t blame Kes if she never talked to me again." "Dude. you have me so confused right now." "Sorry, but you remember all the times I would brag to you that we blamed Kes for shit we did, and we never got in trouble for it?""Yeah, we used to laugh about it." "Well, every time Dad took his belt to Kes, and when we broke Mr. Rickman's window last year, not only did she have to work for two months to pay for it, but spent a week in the cells because of it."“I don't get it. Why didn't she tell him it wasn't her?""I have a feeling he wouldn't have listened to her. and he also probably didn't ask her.”“Oh man, that is messed up.""Yes, and now I know why she has been calling him father for the last few years instead of dad, she sees him as a sperm donor and not her dad." “Ouch, do you think he has figured that out yet?" “Maybe in some small part, but I don't know if it will change. After all, it's Kes, and she looks and acts nothing like the rest of us, so it's easy to ignore and forget about her."*

KESKA: Day 2 down, and I'm not sure if it's a 5-day week he meant or a 7-day week. I will have to get clarification. *"Father,are you busy?”“Not at the moment.""Am I training for 5 days or7?”* (I don't believe I did clarify that, so this would be an out for both of us.) *“5”“Ok, will you let Mitchell know please.""Yes, I will do that right now, so I don't forget.”“Thank you."* So, 3 more to go. I linak Macie. *"Are you busy?"“No, board,but not buasy.""Want to go to Nana's to run the course?” “Sure, I'm down for that, but aren't you tired?""A little, but I don't have anything to do until it's time to start dinner, so might as well keep up with the obstacle course."“Ok, meet you there.”“Meet you there." I then link Nana.“Nana,I hope it's ok if Mackie and I come to run the obstacle course?"“Yes,of course, dear, I will have Stephen put the target back up for you."“Thank you,Nana,”* I close the link. I freshen up, taking a wet cloth to my face,neck, and arms, then head out to Nana's.


DRAKE: I link Mitchell. *“Kes will only be with the group for 5 days."“
Ok. Alpha, I will keep track."* I close the link. ("Do you think we will ever get back to where we were with her Helios?"I asked my wolf.) (“You will have to stop taking Jessie's word for everything, especially if it concerns Keska."He tells me.)


JAMES:“We have to go talk to Mr. Rickman to set up the time we will be working for him." I tell Wyatt. "Let's go and get it over with then." “We'll be back in a bit Liam." “Take your time, I am going to see if Kes is done yet." I nod my head at him and Wyatt, and I leave.

LIAM: *“Kes?”“Yes, Liam." " Are you done with training?" “Yes, we're at Nana's.”“Can I come to?""Yes, you know you don't have to ask me,it's Nana's hnouse not mine."“Yeah, but it's a better chance of her saying yes if you're there already." “You're a nut.” “Yeah, but you love me."“Yeah,you're right I do."*

KESKA: The next 2 days follow in the previous 2 days' footsteps.Including the harassment by Jessie. I don't let her get to me, though. And by the 5th day, I am starting to hold my own on offense, feigning to get your opponent to commit. Landing solid punches. Working with the different warriors to get a feel for how they work. It's the last day of my punishment training, and no, Jessie, I link Lissa. *"Where is Jessie?” “She said she needed to pack for the trip."* She links back to me. Finally, a day of peace without Jessie's constant harassment. We made it through the first set of offense/defense when someone shouted Rogues' north border,the whole training field evacuated and headed to the north. Frank told me to get Lissa and get to the safe roomn. I linked Lissa. *“Run to the pack house now! I will be right behind you."* But I didn't make it three feet when I was grabbed from behind with a hand over my mouth and stabbed,I felt the blade go into my Right thigh, then I was picked up by the throat.I didn't flail like most people would, instead I folded in at the waist and bent my knees, then with all my strength I kicked out at the person
holding me. and caught him in the chest. and then 1 felt the knife go into my side. I grabbed a hold of it and threw myself towards the person holding the blade catching them off guard and they let go of the blade.I fell to the ground, and everything went dark.
###Chapter40

JAMES: Wyatt and I were walking back from Mr. Rickman's when we saw everyone on the training field heading north. That only meant one thing:rogues. I told Wyatt to go check the field and the surrounding area, to make sure that everyone had made it into the safe rooms. I was going to head North with the fighters. We each took off.

WYATT: I went to the first house and made sure it was empty, and then the second, there were still people in that one. I ushered them to the safe room and continued my way to the training field office and storage building; I checked them to make sure they were empty. Then I was going to cut across the field and head North as well when a huddled bundle on the ground caught my eye. I approached it cautiously, ready to fight if I had to, when I noticed the hair color, I knew that hair color, then the next thing I heard was my sister screaming and running straight at me. I catch her, and she starts to fight me, to put her down. I link James. *Have you reached the border yet?" “Yeah, but nothing is going on here."“I think it was a ruse, you are going to want to get back to the hospital fast.”“Why,what's going on?" “It's Keska, I think she's hurt badly.”“Shit.*”I close the link. "Let me go, Wyatt! I have to help her!"“Calm down Mackinzie."**"Don't tell me to calm down, you wouldn't be calm if James were lying there! Let me go!”** “Makinze! Stop! I will get her to the hospital, ok? But you need to calm down." I see Mackie's eyes glaze over, so I know she just linked someone.


MACKIE: I linked Nana. *“Nana Keska is hurt, I don't know how bad because my stupid brother won't let me check her.” “Don't fight him,Mackie, where are you?""At the training field." “On my way.”* I then Jinked Liam. *"Keska is hurt; she is at the training field."“What do you mean by hurt? Did a rogue get her?" "I don't think so, but I can't check
her,because my stupid brother won't let me."* I didn't get any response from him.


LIAM: I took off as fast as I could. Everyone around me tried to stop me.but I just dodged them and shot out the front door of the pack house and headed to the training field.


LILLY: I leave the house with Stephen right behind me. we get to the training field where we see a huddled figure lying on the ground,and Wyatt holding back his sister, who is struggling in his hold. I go directly to Keska; she is unconscious and has lost quite a bit of blood. I see that there is a silver dagger stuck in her side, and that she has a wound on her leg. I have Stephen pick her up gently, and I wrap my scarf around the dagger, so it won't affect him as he carries her. "Wyatt, let your sister go,please. We have to get her to the hospital, not fight between yourselves."“Yes, Nana.” They both say in unison.


LIAM: When I get to the training field, I see Nana there, and Stephen has Keska in his arms; she is so stil. I run over to Nana.'“Isshe dead?”"NO my dear boy, she is not dead, but we need to get her to the hospital to ensure she stays with us." She told me.


LISSA: Liam took off so fast that I couldn't tell him about the rogue attack.
I called out Rouges when I walked in the house, and then there was a flurry of activity going on. I headed to the safe room in the house.Once I was in the safe room, I noticed Kes wasn't there. I try linking her, but get nothing. I then link my twin. *"Liam, where are you?”“With Nana, Mackie,Wyatt, Stephen, and Kes." “Is Kes ok? I tried to link her, and she didn't respond.""No,she is unconscious, we are taking her to the hospital."“What happened? She told me to run to the house, and she would be right behind me.”"Did you see anyone around her?" "Yeah, I mean, there was chaos when they called rogue attack north border, so there were several
fighters close to her.""Will you please tell me what happened?"* I asked him again. *"She was stabbed with a silver blade."“Is she alive?" “Yes, but just barely." “Oh, goddess. I should have stayed, I should have waited for her.""And if you had it would be both of you, not just Kes." “You don't know that." "You're right, I don't for sure, but there is a good possibility of it. We are at the hospital. I will link you later." “You better."* I close the link.


DRAKE: I hear some noise about a rogue attack at the north border,so I linked the patrol that is up there."Is there any sign of rogue activity up there?”"None that we have seen, Alpha." "Link the rest of the patrol and get back to me, oh, and don't panic, but someone raised the rogue alarm,so you will get more fighters there soon."“Yes, Alpha.” I wait to hear back from the patrol, it doesn't take long, and I get a link “Alpha it was a new recruit that raised the alarm, but in all fairness to him, he did smell the tell tail sign of rotten flesh, but it was an old animal kill, not rogues."“All right, but next time please investigate better first, before raising the alarm."“Yes,Alpha.”

JAMES: I run as fast as I can to the hospital, linking dad as I go. *“Dad.”“What, James?""Wyatt linked me, and he thinks that the alarm was a ruse,because Kes is hurt.”“What do you mean hurt?" I don't know exactly, but he said I needed to head to the hospital.""I will meet you there with your mother.”* I close the link and head straight to the hospital.

DRAKE:*“Carla, we need to get to the hospital. Kes is hurt."* I linked my mate.*"What do you mean by hurt? Was it a rogue?""No,there were no rogues, it was a false alarm, but James just told me Wyatt told him Kes was hurt and on the way to the hospital.""I will meet you at the front door,”*


CARLA: I grab my purse and rush to the front door. I meet up with my
mate. I link Jessie,*"Stay with Lissa and Liam in the house." "Okay, why?”"Did you not hear the rogue alarm?" "Yeah, but not the official alarm."“Doesn't matter, until it is verified, just stay in the house." “Where are you going to be if I have to stay in the house?" “At the hospital with your father."“Hospital, did something happen to James?" "No, your sister Kes.”“Oh, please, Mom, she probably just fell and skinned her knee or something and is being a crybaby about it.”“JESSIE! You need to stop!And you need to do it now! We are going to go find out what happened.You just need to stay with the twins."“Yes, Mom."*
###Chapter41

JESSIE: I head down to the safe room to tell everyone it's ok and they can come out. I see Lissa, but I don't see Liam. “Lissa, where is Liam?”“He took off like a ghost was chasing him or something." “Took off where?”“I don't know, something about Kes being hurt, but he hasn't linked me back yet.""When did he leave?"“Maybe about 15 minutes ago or so."Great just fucking great.


JAMES: I get to the hospital and see Stephen carrying Keska through the front door. I link Wyatt. *"What happened to her? Is she still alive?" “Yes,she is, but barely, she was stabbed with a silver dagger, which is still embedded in her side, Nana just wrapped her scarf around the handle so Stephen could carry her without getting burned by the silver himself."“Embedded? Why not take it out?" "Something to do with the fact that it might be stopping the blood flow right now, and if we take it out without the proper medical procedure, it could let her bleed to death." “Oh shit!”“Yeah, oh shit is right."* I close the link and catch up to them in the waiting room area. About 5 minutes later, Mom and Dad come in.


DRAKE: “What's going on? Where is Keska?”“They took her into emergency surgery to remove the dagger, and to make sure she doesn't bleed out." James tells me. "What the hell happened? How did she get stabbed?"“Lissa said that there were some warriors around her, and things were complete chaos when they announced the rogue attack, It may have been an accident, stemming from the chaos.” Liam states.(CARLA:“Liam, what are you doing here? You are supposed to be at the house with your sisters.""Ha,I left before you and dad did, Mackie linked me, and I left.")"Watch your tone with your mother, young man." I say to Liam.“Yes. Dad. Sorry Mom." "I understand sweetheart." Carla tells him."How did you know Mackenzie?" I asked her. "I don't know Alpha, maybe
because she is my only friend and we are so close. I just knew something was wrong." She tells me. We are sitting in the waiting room for about an hour and a half when the doctor finally comes to talk to us.


DR. GRANT: “Alpha, Luna, your daughter is extremely lucky and very blessed."“Please explain, Dr.” The Alpha said. "The blade only punctured the human appendix, so no real vital organs were damaged, but we did have to remove the appendix. The part that makes her blessed is that the silver did not affect her, like a normal wolf. How or why, I cannot say. She will have to stay in the hospital overnight for observation, but then she will be able to go home. There will be restrictions for her for the next couple of months, because she does not have her wolf, she will have to heal like a normal human. No strenuous activities, she will be able to do stairs, albeit slowly, no heavy lifting of any kind, no overhead reaching for the first 2 wweeks. She will need to just take it easy, no long-distance traveling." I tell the family."May we go see her?" "Yes, but not all at once,and not for long, she needs to rest, to heal. She is in the Alpha wing.”“Thank you, Dr.”"You are welcome." I leave them to go about my rounds.


KESKA: I wake up in a strange place, with an annoying beeping going off in my left ear. "Hmm, make it stop." I mumble and I don't recognize my own voice. I slowly open my eyes. "No, too bright.” I mumble again.It came out like a croak of a frog. Where in the goddess's name am I. I hear movement around me. I can feel the light dim. I try to open my eyes again. I am in a room; it's a light beige color, and it smells like disinfectant."Where am I?”"In the hospital." I hear a familiar voice.“Nana?”"Yes, dear.""How did I get here?""I had Stephen carry you."“What happened?”“You were stabbed, dear.""What? Wait, Rogues, Nana,Lissa, is she ok?" I say as panic sets in. "Calm down, dear, Lissa is just fine, there were no rogues, it was a false alarm." She tells me. I try to get up,but there is pain on the right side of my stomach. "Ahhhggg." “Kes,
stop moving, or you will tear your stitches." She tells me.“What happened?Why am I here? And why does my stomach hurt?”“Well,we were hoping you could tell us what happened. What do you remember?"“Someone called out Rogues at the North border. Frank told me to get Lissa and get to the safe room. I linked her to run to the pack house, and I would be right behind her. Buat someone grabbed me, they put their hand over my mouth. I felt the knife go into my right thigh, then I think I was picked up by my throat, I kicked him, but then I got stabbed in the side,and everything went dark after that." It was a bit fuzzy, but it was coming back to me. “Do you think the attack was targeted, or an accident?"“What do you mean?"“Do you think the attack that happened was deliberately meant for you?" “I don't know Nana, maybe. There was so much chaos, it's hard to tell."“Ok, sweetheart, don't stress over it, get some rest, the doctor says you will be here overnight." "What time is it?”“Almost dinner time."“Love you, Nana.”“Love you too,rest." She leaves the room. Then Father and Mom come in. "Oh, my baby!” Mom is in tears."Drake,we can't leave now.""What are you talking about, Mom?”"The trip to High Crest and Dutch Wood. We can't leave you here like this.”“Oh! Hell no! You will go, I am not going to get blamed for Jessie not getting to go!" I almost yell. “Calm down, Keska, we don't want you tearing your stitches. And watch your language and tone, young lady!" Father states. I bow my head and bare my neck. I link James, *"You had better convince Mom and Father to take you, Jessie, Wyatt, and Star on that trip!”“What are you on about?""The graduation trip, I am not getting blamed for Jessie not getting to go! So, whatever you have to do to convince them, you better do it!"* I close the link. "Who were you just talking to?" “James." Father just shakes his head, he knows what I did, I'm sure. "What would you like for dinner?" Father asks me. "Whatever they are serving, I don't need a special meal.""Well, actually, you do have to eat soft foods for a couple of days, so you don't stress the internal stitches." Came a new voice. “What do you mean. Dr?" "We had to put a few stitches in place when we took
the appendix out. So soft foods, like mashed potatoes with gravy,mashed up hamburger with gravy, meat loaf with gravy, soft veggies, no lettuce salad. No stake yet, understand?”


1~~~1


JAMES: I just shake my head; she is giving ME orders now? WTF. She gets stabbed, and she thinks she can boss everyone.


LILLY:“What's wrong. James?" I ask him after seeing him shake his head.
###Chapter42

LILLY: “It's Keska, she is giving me orders now." “What do you mean?"“She just linked me **to tell** me I have to convince Mom and Dad to go on that graduation trip. That she wasn't going to be blamed for Jessie not going." I just chuckle at that. "Think of it as a way to get into her good graces, after all the punishments she has taken for you, don't you think 6 you owe her?" "Did you know?" “Yes, unfortunately, I did." I tell him.“Why didn't you tell Dad?" "Wasn't my place, you needed to come to that conclusion on your own, as an Alpha heir." “Why does she want us to go on this trip so bad?" “I don't know, that is something you will have to ask her."I tell him.


\~~~1

KESKA: “Yes, Dr. I understand." I say to him. He leaves my room. "See,you have to have special food anyway, dear, Drake, we need to stay and take care of her." Mom says. I am pissed to say the least, I get hurt by someone that is not them and now they pay attention to me.F*ck no!“Look, I will be fine, Nana and Sarah will look after me, and I will be good as new when you get back." I say with a bit of sarcasm, letting them know what I think of the fuss they are showing. "We will discuss it." Father says."What is there to discuss? Jessie will throw a fit if the trip gets canceled because of me, and she will be relentless." I say to them. “It will be better if you just take James, Jessie, Wyatt, and Star to High Crest and Dutch Wood, Mackie anad I can hold down the fort with Beta Gleeson, it will keep the peace." I say."I said we will discuss it!" Father says a little of his Alpha's aura slips out. Opps, I pushed a little too much, I bow my head and offer my neck to him. There was a knock on the door. Father released his aura and answered the door. It was dinner, so they left my room. "Can Mackie and Liam come in?" I asked, Father just nodded his head. Mackie
and Liam came in and sat with me while l ate. We just chit-chatted about nothing and everything. "Mom and Dad took Wyatt and James home."Liam tells me. "Liam, I am sorry you probably should have gone with them,you are going to miss dinner. Same with you, Mackie. I'm sorry.I'm being selfish." I say to them. "Forget it. We would rather be with you than with them anyway."“Thank you, but I will be home tomorrow, and you need to have dinner too." I say to them. "Kes, why are you so adamant about Mom and Dad going on that trip?" Liam asked me.“Well.in part. I would prefer to have Uncle Carson to ourselves, without the two of them always butting in on everything." I tell him. “In Part, what's the other part?" “I want to talk to him about his sister-in-law, and find out what he really thinks of her, because I have heard Nana mumbling and calling her a gold digging statis climbing bitch." “Keska!” “Yeah, I know I swore.Opps!" There was a knock on the door, and the kitchen aide came in to take my tray away. And the nurse came in right after. “I need to take your vitals. and visiting hours are now over." She tels me Mackie and Liam leave.

LISSA: I have been waiting to hear from my brother for hours. I am so angry at him right now that when I see him. I am going to hit him for making me wait. I would have linked him, but Jessie said that they would be home soon. I have so much pent-up nervous energy that I have to get it out, so I go to the kitchen to ask Sarah I there is anything I can do to help. She put me to work setting the table for dinner. I was in the family dining room when Mom, Dad, and James came in. “Where's Liam?" I ask as they come through the door."He will be here a bit later,he stayed with Keska." Dad says."Is Kes ok? She said she would be right behind me, but she never came!" I was near tears. Dad came over to me and just held me."Kes will be ok, it will take her a little bit of time to heal from what happened to her, but she will be just fine." "What did happen to her?"I asked. "She was stabbed with a silver knife. You were there watching
today?"“Yes."“Tell me everything you remember, ok?" “Ok, I got down to the field at about 8ish, they had started the second round of switching offense and defense. Kes was paired with Brent Charter,and there was 1other pair close, because Frank would have them switch partners. So, it was Kirk Anders paired with Ronnie Briginhall. Then someone shouted,rogues north border. Everyone stopped what they were doing, then everything turned chaotic. Frank told Kes to get me and get to the house,she linked me to run to the house, I was on the bleachers, and that she would be right behind me. But she wasn't, and by the time I realized she wasn't, everything had already happened. I am so sorry. Daddy." I started to cry.“Sshh sshh sweetheart, it's not your fault, we don't know what happened. Like you said, everything was chaos."

LIAM: Mackie and I walked together on our way home, "Oh crap, Lissa is going to kill me.""Why would Lissa want to do that?"“Because I was supposed to let her know what was going on with Kes, and I just forgot about it, until now."I tell her. "Sorry about that, but go home and take whatever she says or does like the Alpha born you are and show James how it's actually supposed to go." She tells me. I chuckle at her meaning and just nod my head. We hit the split where she heads to her house, and I have about 2 more blocks to reach home. It was after dinner when I walked through the front door, and I got punched in the shoulder.“OWW.”“You said you would link me!" Lissa seethes at me. “I know, I am sorry.I got caught up in everything that was happening with Kes, I just forgot."I tell her. "Is she ok?” "She will be, and she will be home sometime tomorrow." I tell her. "I was so scared,Liam." I had to hold back my sarcasm, because just a week ago, she couldn't have cared less about what happened to Kes. "What happened? Why the change of heart all of a sudden?" I deadpanned the question to her. She punched me again."OWW! What was that for?" "I am not Jessie; I care about what happens to Kes." "You couldn't have proven it by me, the way you were always
sticking up for Jessie." I tell her. I notced that both James and Jessie were in the game room as I walked by, headed to the kitchen to get something to eat. So. I know they heard our conversation, but I don't care. Jessie caused this mess. trying to be too much like Mimi Sutter.
###Chapter43

DRAKE: *“James. please come to my office."* I link him. *“Yes, Dad.”*I only wait a couple of minutes, and there is a knock on my door. “Come.”“You wanted to see me?""Yes, what did Kes want with you at the hospital?""She more or less ordered me to get you and Mom to take us on that graduation trip." “Ordered?"“Yeah, ordered.""So,what do you think we should do?" I asked him. "Well. I think what should happen is that you send either Beta Gleeson or Gamma Dawson with us, so that we are reciprocating in kind, but let them know the situation about Kes. So that they understand you are not snubbing them,and that way peace is kept for the most part." He tells me. "If I do that, are you going to behave and take orders from either one of them? And not let your ego get in the way of anything that might come up?" “Yes, I think I can handle that and keep Jessie under control as well." He tells me. "Good to hear, I will let Beta Gleeson know he will be accompanying the 4 of you, and I expect that you will be on your best behavior, as you will be representing our pack." I tell him. “You should let Jessie know that it will be Beta Gleeson and minimize the fallout now." He tells me. He is right. I link Jessie. *“Jessie, come to my office, please." “Yes, Daddy.”*“Do you want me to go?”"No. stay,you may be able to minimize her tantrum." I say to him. He just chuckles at that. The knock comes. "Come." I call out. “You wanted to see me,Daddy?”"Yes,Jessie, in light of what happened to your sister,your mother and I willbe staying home, you will be traveling with Beta Gleeson,and if I get a negative report for any reason concerning you, you will be brought home immediately, do I make myself clear young lady?" “Yes,daddy. But we still get to go? Right?" "Yes, the 4 of you will still be going.""What 4?" "You two, Wyatt and Star, as it was the four of you that graduated, you will be going to represent the pack." I tell her. “Ok.”“You both may leave." I say to them.
KESKA: I was sitting in my hospital room; breakfast was over when I remembered we were supposed to go get the car this weekend. Oh crap. T open a link to both Nana and Mackie. *"I can't go with, to get the car."* I state.*"Don't worry about it, dear, I will take Stephen, and I will get your father to allow me to take one of the warriors with and we will bring the car back."* Nana says. *"I am torn, Nana, I would like to come, but I also want to stay with Kes."* Mackie says, *"I understand, dear. you stay and make sure Kes follows Dr's orders."* Nana tells her. I close the link and wait for the doctor.


LILLY: I linked my son-in-law. *"Drake, I will need an extra warrior to help me with an errand this weekend." "Of course, Lilly,who would you like?”"I think I will take Frank or Pete." "I will let you have both.”“Thank you.”"Welcome."* I close the link.


DRAKE: I open a link to both Frank and Pete. *“I need both of you to help Lilly with an errand this weekend." “Yes, Alpha."* I then open a link to Beta Gleeson.*"We will not be going this week, but I would like you to go in our stead. You will be in charge, and if there is any trouble or issues with Jessie,come right back immediately, you will have all 4 of the grads.With you, and I will send 8 warriors with you." Yes, Alpha, I will be ready.When will we be leaving?”“Before lunch."“Yes, Alpha."* I then open a link to Carla. *"Are you ready to go get Keska?"“I will meet you at the front door."* I close the link.


LIAM: I am hanging out in the game room waiting for mom and dad to come,because I am going to go with them when they go to get Keska from the hospital, I don't care what they say.

DRAKE: I see Liam following us out. "What are you doing?” “With you,you are going to go get Kes, right?" “Yes,” “Then yeah,I am coming with you."I can't argue with him. On the way to the hospital, I call Dutch
Wood. "Alpha Shane. I am calling you to let you know that there has been a change in the itinerary. I am sorry, but it will be my Beta who will be accompanying the kids. We had an incident, and Keska got hurt and is in the hospital." I tell him. "I totally understand. I hope she is ok." “Yes, she is good,we are on our way to get her now. But that is why I am calling.and I was hoping that you might pass it along to Alpha Lukas as well."“I will call again when I have a little more time to explain what happened.but as they will be leaving shortly, I needed to get it out to you." “Of course, I will call and let High Crest know about the change."“Thank you so much for understanding." “Not a problem.” I hung up the phone.And noticed we were at the hospital. "Go park the car and I will link you when we are ready." I tell the driver. "Yes, Alpha.” Carla and I follow Liam into the building and head to the Alpha wing.

KESKA: I am going stir crazy just sitting here waiting, I usually am busy doing something, not being able to anything is going to drive me up a wall.Then Liam comes into my room. "Hey glad to see your up." I have been up since about 7:30-8:00 this morning, all I want to do is get out of here.""Mom and Dad are here, we should be able to leave soon."


DRAKE: I make my way to the reception desk in the Alpha area.“Is Keska ready to be discharged?"“One moment while I confer with the doctor, please." I nod my head. She picks up the phone, “Dr. Alpha is here to pick up Keska.""I will be right there." She hangs up the phone.“Dr. will be right with you, Alpha."“Thank you."I say to her. And move over to the waiting area. The doctor comes over to Carla and me.“Can we take her home now?"I ask the Dr. "I need to check her chart and see where her last set of vitals were and when her last pain medication was given. Give me a moment." He tells us. He walks back to the reception desk and then comes back with Keska's chart. "Everything appears to be in good order. She had her pain meds with breakfast, so she is good to go."
"What do we need to do for her?" "Well, as I said yesterday.soft foods.for the next couple of days, no strenuous activity, no reaching overhead.take stairs one at a time for the next week. She will need to take the pain meds. On time for the next couple of days, then after that, only if she needs them." He tells Carla and me. “Thank you, Dr., I have a question for you, though, if you don't mind?""Of course not, what is it."“In your opinion. do you think that what happened to Kes was an accident? Or deliberate?" "I feel that what happened to her was indeed deliberate, and the reason I say that is due to the force in which the wolf used to stab her.”“Thank you. Dr." He just nods his head and leads us to Keska's room.We hear voices coming from her room. "Liam." Is all I say. He nods again.
###Chapter44

DR. GRANT: "Well, everything looks good, so you will be able to go home.Just remember, no strenuous activity, take the stairs one at a time,soft foods for the rest of today and tomorrow, and make sure you take your pain meds every 4 hours, for the next couple of days." "There is a list of things here. And I will have the nurse check in with you in a couple of days from now to see how things are going, then in a week I want to see you back so we can check on your stitches, and maybe if you are healed well enough, we will be able to take them out. But that does not mean that you will be able to go right back into your normal routine, that will be a few weeks to a couple of months. Understand?" "Yes, Dr." she says to me.

KESKA: I just want to go home. Mom hands me a bag with some of my clothes in it, and I go into the bathroom to change. Thank the goddess that she brought me a button down so I didn't have to struggle with putting my arms through the sleeves on a tee shirt, even though it would have been more comfortable, it would have meant I would have to reach over my head, and the doctor said none of that. I bend over to put my shoes on, and I nearly fall over my side hurts. "Agghh." “Kes! Are you ok?”"I will be, just give me a minute to breathe." I pant out.“What happened?""Doc. Didn't say anything about bending over." I panted through the pain. "I am coming in." Mom says. Thankfully, I was mostly dressed, just my shoes. Taking one look at me, she tells me to sit and points to the toilet. I just follow orders; she bends down and helps me into my shoes. Then we both come out of the bathroom. We walked out of the room and met up with Father at the receptionist desk to get me checked out,

DRAKE: I link the driver to pick us up at the front entrance of the hospital. As we are on the way back to the pack house, I link Mitchell, **
Meet me in my office in 10 minutes, I want to go over what exactly happened yesterday and find out why or how Kes got stabbed." “Yes,Alpha."* I closed the link. We get Kes in and settled in the game room,and I head up to my office. "I will be in my office, dear. Link me if you need any help with Kes. Ok." "I will love you." “Love you more." I kiss my mate and head up. A couple of minutes later, there is a knock on my door. "Come." "You wanted to see me, Alpha?”“Yes, Mitchell, come in,and take a seat." He comes in. and I get right down to business with him.

KESKA: I am happy to be home. The place seems quiet, but that is because James and Jessie aren't here. I link Mackie. *“Hey, I'm home, want to come hang out, maybe play some video games, watch the movies we want to watch for a change, since the older twins aren't here, we can do that, granted it's only for the week but still."“Yeah, on my way, and a week is better than nothing. I'll take it."* I close the link.

LIAM: "What do you want to do, Kes?”“I just linked Mackie, she is on her way, how about a video game us two against you and Lissa?" "I will see if she wants to play." I link her. *"Lissa, do you want to play us against Kes and Mackie in a video game?" “What game?" “I don't know,we haven't picked yet." "Sure, I'll play as long as we get to pick at least one we like." "I will tell her."* I close the link. "She says yes as long as we get to pick a game we like." "Of course, I am not like Jessie and need to have my way.”

KESKA: We spend the late morning playing video games, each person taking their turn picking a game they want to play, up until lunch time,we head into the pack dining room to eat lunch, and I get my pain meds.,after lunch was over we headed back to the game room to watch movies,after thefirst movie I am getting tired because of my pain meds.“Sorry guys, I don't thinok I will be able to last through another one, I just can't stay awake," I say with a yawn, "No worries, Kes. Just rest," They all say.
I just let my eyes close, and I am out.

LISSA: I link Dad. *"Daddy Kes is falling asleep on the couch in the game room."“I'll be right there, sweetie."* I close the link. In a couple of minutes. Dad comes and picks Kes up and takes her upstairs to her room to rest.


LIAM: "Hey Mackie?" "Yes, Liam?” “Can we go to the range and shoot while she sleeps? I will get some cash from Mom to pay for the rental."“You don't have to do that, I have enough to pay for the rental."“Between the two of you. you have always paid, I haven't made enough yet to pay.but I will soon, but Mom will give me enough to pay this time. So, I want to.”"Alright. Let's go, do you want to ask Lissa?" “Naw, she doesn't like archery."I go ask mom for fifty dollars, and without even a questioning look. she goes to her purse and pulls out two $20.00 and a $10.00 and gives them to me. I can't help but think that if Kes had asked,she would get the thirdI degree. But Kes has never asked for anything. I walk back where Mackie is waiting, and we head to the archery range. I walk into the building with Mackie and go to the counter. “Kent,” I call out. “I'll be right with you." Came his reply from somewhere in the back room. He came out carrying a couple rolls of register paper. “Just give me one minute to change this out, and I will be glad to help you." He says.Mackie and I look around the store at the weapons on the wall and the different shelving units. “Aren't you afraid someone might steal these?" I asked him."Naw,because each one has a sensor in it, if it gets too close to the door, the door locks and no one leaves until it gets put back in its place, or I take the sensor out when it gets paid for." "So now, how can I help you?""We would like to use the outdoor target range, please, and I need to rent a bow, and we need the arrows." I tell him. He busies himself getting my request. "Hey Mackie? Where is Kes? She is usually with you."Kent asked her. "There was an accident at her training, and she was hurt
from it." "I didn't know she was training. I thought that training ended after freshman year for the girls." "Yeah. it does, but it was punishment."“Oh, well. I hope she is ok." "She will be. and we will be back here with her in no time." Mackie tells him. "Here you go. one bow and two quivers.Take the first two targets that are left of the door. Stay safe and have fun."He hands the equipment over. I pick up the bow and one quiver, and Mackie takes the other quiver. And we head out to the range
###Chapter45

DRAKE: After I carry Kes up to bed, I head to my office, and I cal1 Dutch Wood. "Hello?"“Hello Alpha Shane, this is Alpha Drake. I said I would call when I had a little more time to be able to explain things a bit better.""Yes, of course. Alpha Drake, they have not arrived yet, but we expect them soon, so yes, please tell me what happened." "I had given Kes a 日  punishment, unfortunately, before I truly had all the facts, but they did not come to light until months after I had already set the punishment. But during her training there was a false rogue attack, somcone, raised the alarm of rogues. and in the ensuing chaos Kes was stabbed twice and was in the hospital because of her injuries, so Carla and I felt it prudent that we stay with her, so I can investigate what went wrong, and how and why she got hurt.""I am sorry to hear that. I hope sho is ok?" "She will be, but because she is young and does not havo her wolf, yet she has to heal like a normal human." "That is the hardest part. When the young get hurt. They have to heal slowly."' "Yes, and again I thank you for your understanding.with the change. If there is any trouble whatsoever, and I mean anything.please send them home. I unfortunately have let Jessie get away with far too much already.""I will, I promise." "Thank you. Shane. See you in about two weeks." "Yes, see you. Bye," "Bye.” I hang up the phone with him,but I still have to call Alpha Luckas.


LISSA: I link Demi. *"Hey, you want to come over and hang out for a while?""Sure.""See you when you get here."* I close the link. About 5 to 1O minutes later, she shows up. "So, what's up?" she asks, "want to play games, watch a movie?" I ask her. "Sure, got a deck of cards?" “I think I can find one around here somewhere." “Good,we can play cribbage. I brought the board. I just didn't have the cards." I nod and go in search of a deck of cards. "I heard what happened to Kes, is she Ok?” “Everyone says she will be, but because she doesn't have her wolf,she has to heal at
the human rate." “What actually happened, though? I mean. I heard she was hurt and had to stay in the hospital overnight." “She got stabbed when someone called out (rogues north border.) She linked me to run to the house. I was on the bleachers watching her. I took off towards the house, but when I got to the safe room, she wasn't with me. I tried to link her and got nothing; I was so scared.""I can imagine I am so sorry."“Thanks. Let's just play." “Where are Liam and Mackinze?"she asked me.“I think they went to the range, which is where Kes alwways likes to go to let off steam, as she calls it. I think she has gotten Liam doing it now too."She just nods at me.

LIAM: We take turns shooting, but my head really isn't in it, but we shoot until it's time to go back for dinner. "Liam. what's up? I know you're a better shot than what you were doing." At first, I don't answer her,“Liam?”“I know,goddess Mackie, I was so scared that I was going to lose my sister, and other than you and Nana, I feel like nobody would have cared.”I stopped my bike and just burst into tears. Mackie stops, gets off her bike,and comes puts her arms around me, and rubs my back until I calm down some."I can't lose my sister Mackie, I just can't!" I burst into more tears.“Hey,sshh, I know Liam, I know, I feel the same way about her, she is my best friend, hell she is my only friend, I can't lose her either, but we didn't,she is here, she is strong she will get better, ok." "Promise?" “Promise."“I need to go see her.""Let's go then." We ride the rest of the way home in companionable silence


KESKA: It's around 4:30ish when I wake up, I'm a little confused about where I am. I look around and see that I am in my room. But I don't remember how I got here. Oh well. I look around and find my phone.I need to call Adrian, because I'm sure no one told him what happened.I open my phone, see his number, and hit send. "Hey, Kes, is everything all right?""I just needed to call because I'm sure no one let you know what
happened to me, and I would rather you hear it from me than through the rumor mill." "What happened, Kes?" “I was stabbed yesterday late morning during training." I told him. “What do you mean, stabbed? Did they catch who did it?" "No, but there is more to it." “There always is. Tell me what happened." "Someone called rogue attack north border, then there was total chaos, that's when I got stabbed, it may have just been an accident." I say. "I doubt that. Are they at least investigating?"“Yes,I believe they are." “How are you doing?" He asked me. "I am OK,recovering, a little sore, and I have to take it easy for a few weeks, due to the stitches, but all in all, good.""Kina and I will be there for your birthday on Wednesday, and we have news to share." “Can't wait."“We will see you, then, take it easy, ok?”“I will. Bye." “Bye.” I hang up. And I hear my door open and see Liam poke his head in.“Oh,good,you're awake. Can Mackie and I come in?""Of course." They both enter my room and close the door. Liam comes right over and climbs onto the bed with me. He puts his head in my lap and just hugs my legs. “Kes, don't ever leave me." And his tears start. “Hey, hey. Sshh, Liam, I'm not going anywhere buddy. I'm right here. Ok?”“But you almost did." He cried. I just lightly rocked him until he was cried out. I looked at Mackie, she too looked like she was ready to cry. I patted the bed on the other side of me for her to come and sit next to me. She came and sat down on the bed as well,and put her head on my shoulder. We all stayed that way until mom came to get me for dinner and saw the three of us there. "Ok, you three,time for dinner, Mackie, you need to let your parents know where you are."“Yes, Luna.” Mackie's eyes glazed over, so she was doing what Mom told her.


MACKIE: I linked Mom. *"I am at the pack house with Keska. Luna said I should Jink you to let you know.” "Is your sister still there?" "I will find out,just a minute," "Mom wants to know if Demi is stil here." "Tell her yes,she js downstaire with Lisea. And we don't mind having you both
stay for dinner." Iuna says. *“Yes. Mom Demi is still here with Lissa.Luna says that we are welcome to stay for dinner." “Alright."* “Thank you.Luna. and Mom says yes." “Good,now all three of you get ready for dinner." She then leaves Keska's room. Liam follows her out. "All she did was ask about Demi; she didn't care where I was." I stated to her. "I know,I get it." She answers me back. And she does.
###Chapter46

KESK A: After Mackie linked her mom, and my mom left Mackie, and「got up. freshened up, and went down for dinner. It was nice sitting down to dinner. I felt that I didn't have to try and hide for once, and with no sibling drama from the older two, sittingat the dinner table was rather nice.“Remember, Liam, tomorrow is pack duty day." I tell him. “I know,I just wish you were coming like last time." "Sorry, little bro, I wouldn't be able to do anything to help anyway." “It helps that you are there even if you don't do anything." He says. "Kes, what are you talking about? What pack duties?” Mom asked. "Liam said that he would like to take over doing the small tasks and errands that Mackie and I have done since we were 8 or 9. I told him I didn't care, but he has to be consistent with them.and not go running off to go play." "So, he and Betsy are going to be doing those, and earning the money from them." I tell Mom."And what will the two of you be doing instead?" Father asked. "We were hoping to find jobs, but now with this, (I wave my hand to my right side.) I don't know how well that will work. Sorry Mackie." I said. “We will figure something out." She says. Turning back to Liam, I say. “How about I sit at one of the picnic tables at the park, that way you can see me while you do the yard work, ok?" “Ok, it's not perfect, but I'll take it.” He says. Mom gives me another Pain pill after dinner. "I won't be very good company this evening guys." I tell them. "It's ok, I am going to stay anyway."Mackie says to me. "I will link mom and ask if I can stay too." Demi says.

KESKA: The weekend passed in a drug-induced haze for me, and I hated every minute of it. I slept more over the weekend than I probably have in my entire life. Nana, Stephen, Frank, and Pete went to the Dark Forest pack to get the car. Mackie and I were waiting for them when they got back. "Stephen, will you teach us how to drive?" I asked him. "It would be my honor to teach you how to drive Miss Keska." "Thank you, Stephen."I
tell him. "Nana, can the car stay here with you for right now? I don't trust Jessie not to do something to it." "Of course, dear,and I completely understand." “Thank you, Nana." “Stephen, can we start our lessons next week? Hopefully, I will be off the pain meds by then." “I believe we can arrange that."


KESKA: Great Uncle Carson came on Tuesday, and I was ecstatic to have him here. The Sutter Gene was strong, because he was a bit greyer at the temples, but his hair was still as black and shiny as Adrian's, and his eyes were still so sharp and blue you could drown in them. It made me wonder if Father would be the same when he reached 75. I was the first one at the front steps to greet him. I took my usual place at the back, though I wasn't going to change my place just because the older twins were not home.“Carson,welcome back." Father said, extending his hand, “Thank you,Drake, it's good to be back." He said, shaking hands with father. "Carla,good to see you too." He stepped up to give Mom a hug. "Lissa, Liam,you two have grown so much since the last time I saw you." The twins step forward to give him a hug. "Keska, come give me a hug, it's your birthday tomorrow, what would you like?" “Just having you here is present enough,Uncle Carson." I say to him. And he just chuckles at me. "I hear that you are going to host a mating ball along with the twins' birthday." He says,looking at Mom and Father. "Yes, it is our hope that one or maybe both of the twins will find their mate." "Do you have the guest list made yet?"“We were going to go over that today or tomorrow." Mom tells him. “There are a couple of Packs that I would like to see on the list, and a couple that,if you do invite, will need to be watched." He tells both mom and father."Let's go inside, instead of standing out here on the front steps." Father says. "By the way, where are the older twins?" Uncle asked. "They are reclprocating graduation ceremonies with a couple of nearby packs and won't be back until the weekend," Mom tells him.
CARSON: "Why didn't you two go?" I asked them. "There was a training accident, and Keska was stabbed; we didn't think it prudent to leave her alone." Carla tells me. No wonder Kes looks a little pale. "I hope you are investigating what happened." “We are, but we just keep hitting dead ends." Drake tells me. The pack looked good, and it felt good too, to be back home. Even though I am not in charge anymore, it is still my home and my pack. I missed it. I am looking forward to catching up with my old Beta and to seeing if my nephew was keeping his word. But the kids look good, though. I amn a little pissed that they didn't. or rather it's. couldn't.wouldn't let me know that the twins were graduating. I would have made sure to have been here for it. Oh well, what's done is done. But I am here for Keska's birthday. and I will stay through both the twins' birthdays before I go to see my brother and nephew. "So, Kes, who is coming to your party?" I ask her. "I am keeping it small, Uncle." She tells me. “Ok,but still, who is coming?" “You, Nana, Beta Pierce, Mackie,Lissa,Liam,Adrian. Kina. Mom, and Father.""I would like to ask Alpha Camron, but it would be too long for him to be away from his pack." She tells me.“Who is this, Kina? You mentioned." I ask her. “She is Adrian's mate.”“Wow. I have missed a lot." I say.
###Chapter47

KESKA:“Can we have Nana over for lunch?" I asked Mom.“Of course.dear, why not link her and have her come now and visit with Carson?"“Ok, I will." I link Nana. *“Nana. Mom would like for you to come and visit with Uncle Carson and then stay for lunch with us."“Carson is here?”“Yes. Nana. I asked Father to ask him to come for mny birthday.”“I will be there in 10 minutes." "Ok. Nana. love you." “Love you too."* I closed the link. "She said she would be here in 10 minutes." I tell Mom.

CARSON: I link my Beta. *"Calen. I am back, and I am at the pack house.Come join us for lunch.""I would love to, then we need to talk privately.”"Ok,where and when?”“Probably here at my place, in my office, where I know it's secure." "Will do."* After linking Calen. “Carla dear. I hope you and Sarah don't mind, but I have invited Calen to have lunch with us."“No problem.Carson. Keska invited my mother as well, so we will have a reunion of sorts." She tells me. Lilly is coming, I have missed her spunk, it will be good to see her again too.

~~~1

JESSIE: My phone started ringing after lunch on Monday. I checked the caller ID and saw that Marla was calling. "Hey, what's up?" I answered as I looked around and made sure no one was around me."They are investigating what happened to Keska." "So as long as those four idiots stick to the script, I don't care." “Have you come up with a way to keep her from the mating ball?" she asks me. "No, not yet, but if you have any ideas or suggestions, I'm open to hearing them." “Nothing short of kidnapping her and holding her somewhere, no." “Well, we might have to do just that." I say. "Where are you at right now?" She asked, "We are at Dutch Wood, and we will be leaving here tomorrow after lunch to go to High Crest. Their ceremony is Wednesday evening, and then we will be
home Saturday." “Well, if you work out a plan for the ball. let me know.and anything I or Dedi need to do. we will get it done." "I will, gotta go bye." “Bye." I hang up and go join my brother, Star,Colton,Wyatt,and Janica.


STAR: I had noticed Jessie on her phone and watched her body language;she was up to something. I linked Wyatt. *"Take a good look at Jessie.what does her body language say to you?" "That she is up to no good."“That's what I thought as well, do we say something to James?"“We can try,he has been noticing things with her lately that have not set well with him. I will tell him later. We will just have to keep an eye on her."* I close the link. And come back to the conversation of the group.


JANICA: I noticed an exchange between Wyatt and Star, and I followed where they were looking and saw Jessie on her phone. I also noticed one of my friends was not too far away from where she was. *"Macey, move slowly toward the black haired girl on her phone, not too close, but try to read what she is saying."* I say to her through the link. “I believe that we should all learn some other form of communication.It's not a pup's fault if something happens during birth or childhood that causes trauma to them. and then, on top of everything, they can't communicate. We, as the ranked wolves, need to ensure that everyone in our packs is taken care of,no matter what the situation.” I say, coming back into our conversation.“Now you are sounding a lot like my cousin Adrian." James says. “Who sounds like Adrian?" Jessie asks, coming to join the group. “Me, apparently,” I say. "What's the topic?" She asked."Whether or not to incorporate different ways to communicate within the pack." I say.“Ah,yes,that is definitely an Adrian thing."She says. "I had noticed that Alpha Adrian and your sister, Keska, were signing when we were there."I said."Yes,I guess his gamma has a cousin who is deaf, and won't get her wolf for two years yet." James says. "What happened?" I asked, "Not 100% sure, but
something to do with something that happened when she was born, and completely out of anyone's control." James said."So that makes my point.Why should an innocent pup be a victim more than what they already are by something that was beyond them to control to begin with." I say.“We need to make sure that they have a way to communicate with us and us with them, or we are no better than the rogues."


COLTON: "Janica does have a point." I say. “It would behoove the ranked wolves to incorporate some form of communication for people and situations like that." “True, as we never know what others have gone through, it could be the difference between getting a treaty or business contract signed." James says. “Usually, those people have interpreters, so why bother?" Jessie says. "Well, I don't think that I would prefer to leave contract negotiations open to just a one-sided affair, and hope that I don't get screwed." I say. I noticed that my sister was getting a link, so I kept the focus on me."Ok, I guess there is that." Jessie concedes. "Excuse me,I will be right back." Janica gets up and heads into the kitchen fromn the back door. "Is it something I can help with?" Jessie asked. "No, just using the restroom, and then I will bring out more refreshments." My sister says.

JANICA: I go into the house and head for the restroom. I really did have to use it. But I also wanted to know what Macey found out. *"What did you read Macey?" "I couldn't get everything, but thisis what I did get.*(four idiots, stick to the script, any ideas, hear them, might have to do,Dutch Wood, after lunch, High Crest, home Saturday.) *"That's all I got.Janica, sorry." “Don't apologize, you did good. Thank you."* I closed the link. I washed my hands, went to the kitchen, grabbed a tray, put some fresh bottles of water on it along with a pitcher of fresh lemonade and glasses, and headed out the door. "So, what did I miss?" I asked as I set the tray down and took my seat, "Nothing, we were discussing maybe going into town and hitting the arcude." My brother says. "Sounds like a
good idea. we have a few hours to kill before dinner, it will be fun." I say.
###Chapter48

JAMES: "I wi1l link the Beta to let him know." I said, "Really, James!”Jessie huffs at me. "Yes! Really Jessie, Idon't want him to panic, and then we have to go home early." I tell her. She rolls her eyes at me,“Whatever."I just shake my head and link the beta. *“Colton and Janica want to take us into town to show us the arcade." “That's fine, just please be back in time to get cleaned up for dinner." “I will make sure."* I close the link.“He doesn't care as long as we are back in time to clean up for dinner." I tell the group.

COLTON: "We should all make sure we all have each other's phone numbers in case we end up getting separated, it's a big place, it has three floors to it." I say. And everyone agrees. "We should send a one-word text to everyone to ensure we have the correct numbers." My sister adds. So,before we leave, I call my beta to be, Tom, to join us, and everyone exchanges numbers. I link Dad. *"We are going to take them to the arcade.” “Ok, just be home in enough time to get cleaned up for dinner, I don't want your Mom stressing." "“Ok, Dad."* I close the link. "Dad said the same thing. But his reasoning was because he doesn't want Mom to stress.”I chuckled. We head out and take two vehicles and a third with a few guards in it.


STAR: My phone dings on the drive to the arcade. I check to see who texted mne. It was from Janica. ("If you are close to Jessie, just say it's your mom, or a friend checking in. But we need to talk, just us.") I texted back,("Jessie is in the front seat next to Tom, I am in the back. Go ahead,tell me what you need to.") ("I have a friend that is practicing reading lips,I am not sure if this is important but this what she told me she got from Jessie's phone call. | four idiots, stick to the script, any ideas, hear them,might have to do, Dutch Wood, after lunch, High Crest, home Saturday.(")
("Well, the last part is our itinerary. the first part might have something to do with Keska's stabbing. The middle is a mystery. Thank you.") (“Just thought you should know; I don't trust Jessie.") (“I don't either.") “What's all the texting Star?" Jessie asked.“Mom just checking in to see how things are going, and if we're having fun." I tell her. "Tell Auntie I said hi.”“I will." I say. And I actually text my mom. (“Hey mom,this has to be quick. Jessie says hi. I am sending a screenshot to you. Please show the Alpha.") And1 I sent her my text screen from Janica. ("No, Dad doesn't know, we are on our way to an arcade, if I get more time somewhere, I will fill you in more. but not right now. Love you.") (Ok. Love you too.")“She says hi back and wants us all to have fun." I say to everyone. I link Wyatt.*"I have some information you will find interesting.Janica has a friend who is learning to read lips, and Jessie is definitely up to something.When I have time alone someplace, I will send something to you, but I can't now."* I close the link. Settle back and watch the scenery.


WYATT: After getting the link from Star, I linked James.*"“Don't react,but Star and I believe Jessie is up to something. Star just linked me and said she would send me something when she had the time to do it.""Then I guess we need to give her the time, and keep Jessie occupied elsewhere.”“Agreed."* I closed the link.

JAMES: “So does this place have pinball?" I asked "Yes, the main floor is the front entrance, and then it is divided into video, pinball, and food court,the top floor is more active type games like the dance stuff, and Wii, and the bottom has a 6-lane bowling alley, paint bal/obstacle course combo,and skeet ball." Colton answers me. We pull into the parking lot; the place seems pretty busy. Park the cars and go inside. "Wow.” I say. “I know,right?" Colton answers. The place is lit up like a disco, with all the flashing lights, and the music is just loud enough that it is in the background, and you can still hear your game. We need to get one of
these built in our pack, it will help keep the kids occupied and not have them causing trouble. I thought to myself. We move through the place,with Colton and Janica pointing out different games to try out our skill levels on.


STAR: "Is there archery?" I asked. "That would be upstairs,with the dance.and the Wii." Janica answers me. "I would like to go try that."I say.“Ok.”"Jessie, anything catch your eye?" Janica asked her. "I would like to try the dance." She says. "I am going to take the girls upstairs," Janica says to her brother. “Ok.” Colton answers her. And we head for the stairs.

COLTON: "So anything in particular catch your eye?" I ask James.“Yeah,I would like to do the paintball and obstacle course. But I have a question."“Shoot.”I say."it possible to do it in combination, like you and Tom with the paint guns and Wyatt and I running the course, and then we switch?""I think we can do that; we will have to ask though." I tell him.But I like the way he was thinking. I went and asked at the counter about James's question, and we were told yes,we could most certainly do that.Each group stayed in their respective areas for about an hour, then we all came back together on the main floor to get beverages, take a bathroom break, and then play pinball and video games.

STAR: When we took our bathroom break, I sent Wyatt a screen shot of my text screen with Janica from earlier, with the message that I was going to delete it from my phone because I didn't want to take a chance of Jessie seeing it, and to let me know he got it. “Received." He sent me. And I deleted it. I put my phone back in my purse and left the stall, washed my hands, and met up with the girls. We played pinball and video games for about an hour and then headed back to the pack house to make sure we were there in time to freshen up before dinner. While I had the time before changing for dinner, I texted Mom. ("I have a little bit of time, so 1wanted to bring you up to speed, about the screenshot, Janica has a friend
learning to read lips, and this is what she picked up from a phone call Jessie received earlier today.") (“Ok, dear. but this could be considered an invasion of privacy.") ("I get that, Mom. but if this has anything to do with Keska's stabbing, then the Alpha needs to know.") (“You are right on that count, but we need more proof than just this to link her to what happened; this could be anything, like a skit that she might be working on for the ball or any number of other things.") (“Maybe,but I still think he should know." “But I have to go so I'm not late for dinner.") (“Alright,dear, tell your father I love him.") ("I will.") I put my phone back in my purse and head out for dinner.
###Chapter49

EVELYN: The next day. I head over to the alpha wing of the house, it was after lunch, and link Drake. *"Alpha. I need to speak with you. please."“Come to my office." "Thank you."* I head to his office. I am a bit nervous.because what I will be showing him involves his precious Jessie, and it's circumstantial at best. I knock on his door.“Come."I open the door and enter his office. "Evelyn. come in. What brings you to me?" “Thank you.Alpha. I'm afraid that what I have to show you could be very bad in one of two different ways. and unfortunately. I don't know which way it will be.”"Well. let's see what it is first.shall we?" I take out my phone. open it,go to the text screen. and hand it to him. "Starsent me this screenshot of a text message she had with Janica. | four idiots, stick to the script,any ideas, hear them, might have to do. Dutch Wood, after lunch, High Crest,home Saturday.} I know it could be nothing, but Star seemed to think that Jessie might be up to something.""I'm confused. I think you need to start at the beginning." He says. “Supposedly. Janica has a friend who is learning to read lips. and this is from a phone call that Jessie had with someone on Monday." I tell him. "I have to say, Evelyn, if this turns out to be nothing, it's an invasion of privacy." “I know Alpha, that's what I told her. But she seems to think that it might have something to do with Keska's stabbing.""If that's true, we will need more than this. Buat it does fit. I hate to say it. And coming at it from that perspective, we now know that there are four others involved." He tells me. "And that means people are lying to me. I will probably have to use my alpha command to get it out of them.""I am sorry, Alpha; I know how much you don't like to use your command on the pack." "Not your fault, Evelyn. Thank you for bringing me this. Can you send this to me?" “Yes, Alpha."1 take my phone back and forward the screenshot to him, "I have things to get back to.""Yes,of course, thank you again, Evelyn," I get up and leave his office,and head back to my own,
BETA PIERCE: I am happy to have Carson back in the pack. I am going to let him know what happened with Jessie. I don't believe that she got a harsh enough punishment for what she did, but the whole apologizing in public was the right call on Drake's part, but he needed to be harsher with the rest of it. If you think that makes me a tattle tale, I don't care. Carson built this pack from nothing to the 15 hundred members it has today, and I am not about to let it go down the drain because of his great niece thinking she is entitled.like his sister-in-law.

CARSON: I walk with my beta to his place, and we head straight to his office.“What's on your mind, Calen?" I asked him. “A lot, but first,welcome back,

How was the trip?""It was good, I met with different businesspeople from different types of businesses from all over the country, I think some of it will help benefit the pack, I just need to get with Drake and James and share the possibilities with them.”“Good, I wish I had as good of news.
What I am going to tell you is old news, and has been dealt with, but I
don't feel that it was enough, and I don't believe the person in question learned from it at all." He tells me."Alright, tell me.”“Jessie was bullying an underclassman at school.”**“WHAT?”** I roared,“HE SWORE TO ME!”“Carson, calm down, it was taken care of; he made Jessie do a public apology to the student in question."“But still it shouldn't have happened!"I was angry, to say the least. "I know. I did remind him of that."“What's the rest?" I asked, "I don't think she learned anything from it, and I think more happened at that time, but I'm not in the loop anymore, so I can't be sure of anything." He tells me. "I might know of someone who is,though," I tell him. “Who?” “Lilly. After all, she is the Luna's mother,she may know." "Wow Carson, that's genius." I link Lilly. **Lilly, are you
busy right now?”"No, is there something I can do for you, CCarson?”“
Would you please come to Beta Pierce's,""Sure, I can be there in about 5
minutes." “Thank you."* I close the link. “She is on her way, she'll be here in 5." I tell him. He gets up and starts to get some refreshments put together and some light snacks for us.


LILLY: I let Stephen know that I was going to go to Beta Pierce's and that I was going to walk. it was only about 5 minutes away, so no need to take the car out. "When should I expect you back?" he asked me. "Honestly, I don't know. if it gets to be close to dinner, I will link you,so you will know. ok?" "Yes. Miss Lilly." I head out the front door and head over to Beta Pierce's. I ring the bell and wait to be let in. A younger woman opens the door. she is in her thirties. "Miss Lilly, please follow me. Mr.Calen is expecting you." I step into the front entry, the house is decorated in lighter neutral tones of beige, green, and blue. Very nice. I am led through what appears to be the family living/sitting room down a short hallway to a heavy oak door on the interior wall. The young woman knocks on the door. "Come." I hear Callen's voice. She opens the door and ushers me in, then closes the door behind me. The office is also done in a softer shade of green, with darker wood furniture.


BETA PIERCE:"Lilly, come in, please have a seat." I watch as she takes a seat with her back to a wall and somewhat close to the door, ever the instincts of the warrior. "To what do I owe the honor of being asked here?”"Well, Carson and I were hoping that you might have insight on what's been going on with the family and the pack," I say to her. She studies us for a long while, as if debating with herself. "If I tell you what I know, I need to know that you won't go flying off the handle and cause a scene."She finally says to us. "I think we can handle that request." I tell her."I hope so because neither of you is going to like what you are about to hear from me," She says matter-of-factly. “Please tell us," “It starts with Adrian's swearing-in ceremony, Amanda rejected Keska in front of almost everyone present, and slapped her, then as they were going to leave.
Amanda assaulted Keska again by digging her **wolf's claws** into her upper arm; she will carry those scars for life. Then the next week. during all the drama of Jessie bullying that poor girl. she also rejects Keska. but this time Keska accepts Jessie's rejection in school.
###Chapter50

LILLY: About a month, maybe 2 later. Jessie tries to link with Kes, and Kes doesn't respond, so Jessie runs home todaddy (she uses finger quotes for the word daddy.) and tells him that Kes is ignoring her.“Wait,you're telling us Jessie rejected her own sister? That's insane." "Yes, I am,well,you know the outcome of Jessie's punishment for bullying, Calen,but what you don't know is that Kes got punished as well because she got you involved, instead of going straight to Drake. We both know that he wouldn't have believed a word Kes told him over Jessie, and that's why she did it. Oh, and Carson, don't be shocked when Kes continues to call him father, she has been doing it for the last few years." ( CALEN: I look at Carson in complete shock. We are both stunned by what she is telling us.) Calen asked, "What was Kes's punishment?" “A week of hard training with the elite Deltas." **“WHAT!"** Both men shouted.“That's right."“What about the graduation?" Carson asked, “That I have no clue about, but if you want my honest opinion, they just forgot about you. That's why Kes asked to have you here for her birthday. Which, by the way,they keep forgetting about. This will be the first time in I want to say about 3-4 years that it will even be acknowledged." I tell them."One more thing,you need to know, Carson, Kes accepted Amanda's rejection at the graduation gathering. And again, this was after Amanda dug her wolf's claws into Keska's arm. I also want to let you know that I threatened her.""What did you say?" "I told her if she ever dared to lay hands on **MY**grand pup again, I will end her regardless of who she thinks she is."“Well,I can't blame you. That woman has always been a piece of work." Carson tells me."But what about the Stabbing?" Calen asked. "I still don't know anything on that front, I haven't heard anything regarding the investigation. But I just have this gut feeling that Jessie has had a hand in it. She is taking her cue from your sister-in-law, Carson." After I finish my narrative, they are both left stunned and speechless.
CARSON: I can't believe that Drake could be so blind as to let all this happen. “Is there anything special Keska has said she wants for her birthday?" I ask Lilly. “No, I bought her and Mackie a used car, as she insisted she didn't need a new model." “Well, what about a new phone?"I asked. "That might be a thought, She hasn't had a new phone in 3 years.Every time the twins get new phones, their old ones get handed down to Kes, and she takes the second one for Mackie." She tells us. I am getting more and more pissed with every new reveal she tells us. “What about James? How is he?""He has gotten better over the past couple of weeks,since he was told a few things by Drake and a pack member."“What things?""Well, they were all threatened that you could come back and take the pack back, and away from them completely, which I think gave them all a wake-up call, except for Keska, they were all a little scared.Then James, Wyatt, and Jessie had to go apologize to a pack member for breaking his window, which Keska took punishment for in the first place because the twins blamed her. Said pack member told James he has lost some respect because he didn't come forward and tell the truth to begin with. So, I believe that gave him a bit of a wake-up call, and then Keska got stabbed, I think that shook him to his core a bit, made him think how he was letting Jessie influence him." "Well, I guess I need to go shopping.Care to come with?" I ask Lilly. "As long as we are back by dinner.”She says.

LILLY: I link Stephen. *"I am going shopping with Alpha Carson. I am hoping to be back by dinner." "Ok, Miss Lilly.”* I close the link."Are you going to join us, Calen?” I asked the beta. “I don't know what I would get her," He says."Arrows, and lots of them." I tell him. "Arrows!” they both say together. "Yes, arrows, she is probably the second best shot in the pack,followed by Mackinzie, and I know that her having to not be able to shoot right now is driving her up wall so that will be a welcome gift for her,when she is able to get back to it." I tell them,
KESKA: For some reason. I am feeling antsy. I just don't know if it's because I really am not supposed to be doing anything strenuous or if it's due to the pain meds. and no. it's not because my birthday is tomorrow.because they most likely forgot about it. I go in search of Mom. I look for her in her office and she is not there. So. then I linked her. *“Mom, where are you?""With your father. in his office, why?"“I don't know. I just feel off. antsy. is there anything I can do to get rid of this feeling?”“Are you in pain?"“No."”"I guess you can see if Sarah needs any help in the kitchen,just be mindful of your stitches." "Ok."* I close the link and head to the kitchen.“Sarah.please give me something to do. I am going crazy, I feel so antsy right now." "Well. I can mix up a batch of your favorite cookies.And you can spoon them out." She tells me. "Done." She starts the batter,and I get the cookie sheets out and ready. My favorite cookie is chocolate chip WITHOUT the chocolate chips. I know I'm weird. But that is what I like. It helps that I can do something, it takes some of the antsiness away for a bit.


CARLA: Drake and I are going over the packs that we will be inviting to the ball. So far, we have the rules set.


UNDER THE LAWS SET FORTH BY ROYAL DECREE, ALL PACKS PARTICIPATING IN THE MATING BALL MUST SEND 12 MATED GUARDS TO HELP WITH SECURITY. THE FOLLOWING ARE BLUE CRESCENT'S RULES FOR THIS MATING BALL.


*No casual sex hook-ups until after the full moon.

*Attire is not formal, but dressy, business casual, no distressed or street wear.


*All unmated ranked wolves,12 unmated males and females of unranked status. From each pack,
*Two fancy outfits, one for the meet and greet, one for the birthday party.

*Any disputes will be brought to the Alpha's attenation to be judged openly and fairly.

*The highest ranked member from each pack will be responsible for their pack member's bio-information and behavior while here.

SIGNED Drake and Carla Sutter. Alpha and Luna. Blue Crescent Pack.

CARLA: Now to the Packs. DUTCH WOOD, HIGH CREST. COLD MOON.DARK FOREST. HARVEST MOON, MOON RISE. DARK MOON, BLACK

CRESCENT.MIDNIGHT SKY, BLACK WATERS, GOLDEN SUN.BURNING EMBER.


"Why your mother's and the royal pack?" Drake asked.
###Chapter51

CARLA:“Because I would like to see some of my family come here for once. And it would be rude not to include the royals, even if they don't come. it would still be rude not to include them. And if they don't come,that's less people/wolves to contend with." “Remember. Carson wanted to go over some packs with us. as well." "I remember. if they are not on the list. then we can remove some that we have to add the ones he wants."“Ok." I get a link from Sarah that it's time for dinner. "It's dinner time, we will finish this tomorrow."


CARSON: Lilly, Calen, and I get home in time to get things wrapped for Keska's birthday tomorrow and get freshened up for dinner. I even made sure that I bought two phones, one for Keska and one for Mackie. I invite them both to the pack house to have dinner wwith the rest of us. "I think I will, I need to ask the Alpha a favor." Calen says. "What's that?" I ask him.“My grand pup Karen wants to come visit, but it will be during the week of the ball." He says. "I wouldn't think it would be a problem, as she will be staying with you here right?" I asked him. "Yes."“Lilly,how about you?"I enquired."I believe I will join you as well, I just need to let Stephen know." "I don't mean to pry, but why?" She smiles at me.“He was assigned to me by my family after my mate passed. I guard the family's secret. And they want to make sure I am taken care of." She says. There is no need for us to ask what secret we both know who Lilly is, and what she is capable of.


LILLY: I link Stephen. *“I am home, but I am going to go up to the pack house with Carson and Calen to have dinner with everyone, please come join us.""Do you wish me to drive?" “No, we can walk back.”" “Ok, thank you Miss Lilly I will join you."* I then linked Carla to let her know we were coming for dinner, We leave Calen's house and head to the pack
house. When we get there. I notice that Keska is antsy and can't seem to be still. I link her. *"Are you all right?" “No Nana, I just can't seem to calm down. I feel a little itchy which is new, I haven't slept well for the last two nights. do you think I might be addicted to the pain meds?”“No dear. I don't think that I believe that it's because you are so used to being active and now you are forced into being inactive that you are feeling this way.""Well. I hate it, what can I do?"“We will go for a long walk after dinner, ok. That should help.""Ok, can Mackie come with?" “Yes, dear she can come with."*


KESKA: Everyone sits down for dinner; I am so antsy, I can barely contain myself; I feel the itchiness getting worse. Then the conversation turns to the investigation. “Kes, what do you remember from the attack?”Father asked mne."I had 3 people near me, the one that grabbed me from behind, with a hand over my mouth, the one that stabbed me, and one other that was blocking me in, so I couldn't run, they all had black hooded sweatshirts on that covered most of their face, and there was this odd smell with all three of them, like they plastered themselves in mud, so they all smelled the same." I said, "Anything else at all, height, scars,tattoos."“I know that the one that grabbed me may have been around Frank's height because he picked me up by my neck, the bruises have faded some, but there is still a bit of the imprint is still visible." And I lift my head and show my neck. "I will have to talk to Dr. Grant about something, but that will have to wait until tomorrow." Father says.“Enough talk about the attack, please?" Mom asked, "Of course dear."Father says to her. "What do you want for breakfast in the morning,Keska?" Mom asked me. "egg cakes, bacon, sausage, and scrambled eggs,"I said. "What are egg cakes?" Uncle Carson asked, "They are like pancakes,but they have extra eggs in them, so they aren't as thick as a pancake,more like a thicker crepe," I tell him. "Where or how did you come up with that idea?""Mackie and I were experimenting; we wanted something
similar to pigs in a blanket, but the blanket was too thick, so we thinned it down by adding extra eggs to the batter." I tell him. “Alpha, I have a favor to ask of you." Calen said. “Ask away.”"My grand pup wishes to come for a visit, but it will be during the ball." He says. “I have no problem with that, just please have her bring two formal dresses, as she will need them. for the festivities." Father says. “Thank you, Alpha.” The rest of dinner goes by amiably.

LILLY: After dinner. I stated to everyone present that I was taking Keska for a good long walk. "Mind her stitches Mother." Carla said to me. “Don't worry dear, I think I can manage her." I said. “Link Mickie and have her meet us out front." I tell Keska. I watch her eyes glaze over, so I know she is doing what I asked. "Can I come too?" Liam asked. "Of course, dear."I said to him. We leave the house. Stephen, Liam, Keska, and I, Mackie, is outside waiting. "Now here is the route we will take, we will head toward the school, then cut back across the football field, head toward the lake.and come back up on the back side of the pack house, that should be enough of a walk to let you be able to sleep tonight." I told Kes.“Thank you. Nana." And we set off.


KESKA: By the time we got back from the walk that Nana had set for us,I was tired, and it was time for bed. "Want to stay I asked Mackie. "Sure.”We both said good night to Nana and Stephen and headed up to bed.I actually fell asleep as soon as my head hit my pillow. *(HEY KESKA WAKE UP!)* "Huh?"*(WAKE UP GIRL, WE NEED TO GO OUTSIDE.)*"What? Why?" *(BECAUSE I NEED TO SHIFT)* "It's too early, I'm only 16we don't shift until 18." *(WELL, I AM GOING TO SHIFT, SO GET YOUR BUTT UP AND GET US OUTSIDE.)*“For goddess sake bossy much?" *(NOT UNLESS I HAVE TO BE. I'M CORLA BY THE WAY.)*“Nice to meet you," I get up and head downstairs and out the back door, I feel exhausted by the time I get outside, I fall to the ground as I am in
pain, I thought getting stabbed was bad, but that has nothing on this pain.I can feel every bone in my body breaking one by one. shifting, reforming.and knitting back together. Finally, it's done. I stand up on four shaky legs.


MACKIE: I hear Kes rolling around on her bed like she is in pain, I was about to get up to make sure she was alright when she got up and went downstairs. I followed her, and when she fell to the ground I started forward and then I heard the sound of breaking bones, I am not going to lie I am scared out of my wits, I link Nana,*“Nana Something is happening with Kes!"* I practically shout at her. *"Mackie! No need to shout in my head like that."* She scolds. *“I am sorry Nana.but something is happening with Kes. I think she might be shifting."'*
###Chapter52

MACKIE: *“It's too early for her to shift." "I know, but I think she is."“On my way."* I close the link and just watch. Nana gets there at the very end of Kes's shift.

LILLY: That was crazy. I get up and I get Stephen up,“We need to go to the pack house. Mackie thinks Keska is shifting." I tell him. We both get dressed and head to the pack house. Mackie was right, Keska shifted, but what I saw in front of me was no ordinary wolf. She had a shimmery watery outline to her, kind of like the heat waves coming off a hot highway in the middle of summer, and she was a red wolf. "What is she?”Mackie asked, "I have never seen any wolf like that before." "I am not 100% sure, but my instincts are telling me she is an elemental phase wolf.”“A what?""Mackie,Sshh, do not startle her, her bite could be deadly." I say.

KESK A/CORLA: I hear them talking about me. I turn to look at them and make my way over to them. \[*"IS WHAT NANA SAID TRUE?”\] \[“YES.”\]\[“YOU DON'T PLAN ON BITING THEM, I HOPE!”\]\[“CALM DOWN, NANA IS IMMUNE AND IF I ONLY NIP MACKIE SHE WILL GET SICK BUT THEN SHE WILL BE IMMUNE.”\]* We brush up against Nana and then Mackie, and Stephen. *("WE ARE GOING FOR A RUN; WE HAVE BEEN COOPED UP TOO LONG.")* We link the both of them together, meaning that in both ways, both Corla and I are speaking through the link to both of them. Then we turn and take off. I let her take the lead on where she wanted to go. We headed to the Western border.Then all of a sudden I get this strange sensation wash over me, and the next thing I know, we are stalking Brent Charter, Corla leaps and bites him in the butt. He doesn't have time to cry out, he just freezes like a statue made of Ice, \**CORLA, WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?”\J \"HE HURT UJS.”\* is all I get from her. 'Then the strange sensation comes again, and I see
we are stalking Ronnie Briginhall. Again, she leaps and bites him in the back of the leg, and again, he doesn't have time to cry out, and he is left as a pile of ash. \[*"LET ME GUESS, HE HURT US TOO?”\]\[“YES.”\]\[“BUT HOW DO YOU KNOW IT WAS THEM?”\] \[“I SMELLED THEM,I REMEMBERED."\]\[“GREAT BUT HOW AM I GOING TO EXPLAIN THIS TO FATHER?”\]\[“NOT GOING TO EXPLAIN, DON'T CARE.”\]*I shake my head at her.


MACKIE: My best friend just shifted into a wolf I have never seen before.“What is she, Nana?”“Like I said. I am not 100% sure, but I believe that she is an elemental phase wolf." "What does that even mean?" “She can control an element like water or fire." "Can she make it. I mean like caII it forth, like in the stories of witches?" "No, she can't conjure the element;she controls the element. She may nip you, Mackie, don't worry, a nip won't kill you, it will however, make you sick, but when you recover, you will be immune to her bite." Nana tells me. “She was soft, I have never felt a wolf that soft, I can't even describe anything to compare her to, she is so soft."“Yes, she is." "Ok, so say she is this elemental phase wolf, how is she that?"“My mate was a phase elemental, he was able to actually turn himself into the element, not just control it." "Will she heal? Like all wolves do?" "Yes, dear, she probably doesn't have to worry about taking it easy now.""What about the color of her wolf? I have never seen a red wolf before. Is it part of being this elemental phase thing?”“It may, I don't know for sure, we will just have to wait and see." Nana tells me. “Do we need to keep her a secret?”“Ithink we should, for now anyway. Go get her a robe to put on when she gets back and shifts back, she will be naked.”


KESKA: V*JT'S TIME TO HEAD BACK TO THE PACK HOUSE, CORLA.BEFORE WE END UP SHIFTING BACK AND I HAVE TO WALK BACK NAKED,”"\J \"OK.”\J* She turns and heads back east towards
home. We get back, and she just drops to the ground, and I feel this push.and then I am me again. There was no pain, just a pushing feeling. I don't understand half of what just happened to me, and I know that most of it isn't normal. Mackie, Nana, and Stephen are still here waiting for me.Mackie has one of my robes for me too. *“Nana, Corla just killed two wolves."* I linked to her. *"Did she tell you why?""Just that they hurt us,and yes, she said us, not me, us." “Dear I believe that you are a very n unique hybrid. Corla is more than just the beast that most of us have,she is the elements of your body, your heart, pumps blood and keeps you warm,food digest also as a form of heat, she is that heat, the water that runs through our body to keep our muscles moist and pliable, she is that water,so she is more than just the wolf." "What makes you say both water and fire?"“Your outline and your color."* That is a lot to take in, and I am exhausted. I just want my bed. "Bed” is all I can get out. "Stephen,please help get her up to her room. Mackie will show you where to go,I will wait here for you." Nana says.

DRAKE: I feel this harsh pain in my chest and shoulders, it wakes me from a deep sleep. ("We just lost two pack members") Helios tells me.(“Was it rogues”) I ask him. (“I did not feel a perimeter breach.") he tells me. I linked the guard on duty. *"I want a full roll call of every guard on patrol, and the Schule and route each patrol was on, when they come in,and any statements of events that went on during their patrol, and I want it on my desk in the morning." “Yes, Alpha.”* I close the link and go back to sleep. I will deal with it in the morning.

KESKA: Wednesday, my birthday, I'm 16 today, yeah! Except my wolf killed two others last night, well technically this morning, I look at the clock, it was 9:30 already, I never sleep this late. But I guess with it being my birthday and with the shifting and all, they let me sleep, not that anyone besides Mackie, Nana, and Stephon knows about the shifting. I link
Mackie, *"Hey, you here?" “Yeah, downstairs in the kitchen." “I'll be down in 10 minutes."* I close the link. Go to my ensuite, take a quick shower,towel off, get dressed in jean shorts and a light green crop top with my cross trainers, and head downstairs. “Morning, Sarah, morning Mackie." I say as I enter the kitchen, "Morning, lazy head." Sarah says back. As she puts a plate down in front of me with the egg cakes, bacon, sausage, and ·E scrambled eggs on it. I am famished, I didn't realize that shifting would take that much energy. *"Hey, Nana said we need to keep you a secret for now."* Mackie linked me. *"Ok."* I send back. "I feel good this morning,maybe I could try some target practice." I state out loud. "Not until you get checked out by Dr. Grant, He will be by before lunch." Mom says as she comes into the kitchen.
###Chapter53
KESKA:“I hate this, I feel like I can't do anything." I say to her. “'I know it feels that way right now, but you have to let your body heal." “When you are done with breakfast, maybe you and Mackie can help with the invitations for the ball." I look at Mackie, and she nods, "Ok, Mom." I say.

DRAKE: First thing in the morning, I link my Gamma, "Chris, I need you to come to my office asap." “Yes. Alpha." I close the link; I know it's early.but I need answers. It's 6:30, but I can't sleep anymore, and I have business to get to. I go to our en-suite and get cleaned up. Come back into our room and get dressed. I see Carla is awake. "Morning, my beautiful mate." And come over and kiss her. "Come back to bed Drake."“As much as I would love to accommodate that request, my dear. I can't. We had an incident last night at some point in time, and lost two wolves, how or why I don't know, but I need to find out why. Plus, I need to talk to Dr. Grant about the burse on Keska's neck, maybe it will give us a clue to find who stabbed her.""And I believe Alpha Camron's people are coming for the first shipment today. And we have to settle the list for the ball and find out who Carson wants to add or take off." "Marcus should have the report I asked for by now, so I have to get to my office." I tell her as I kiss her and squeeze her boob. "Tease." She calls after me as I leave the room.*“Dr.Grant will be here before lunch to check on Keska's stitches, you can talk to him then."* Carla links me as I am leaving our quarters.


KESKA: I send a quick link to Nana. *"Nana, Dr. Grant will be here before Junch, and if I am healed, what do I tell him?”“The truth,sweetie,that you shifted, he may ask you to do it again, but say that you are still tired from doing it this morning, that should help take the pressure off some."“Ok, thank you NNana,"* I was about to close the link when she asked,*“When are we going to have cake and celebrate your birthday?""I don't
know, no one has said anything to me, so if it is up to me, I say we can all gather after lunch. as we will all be here anyway. And I doubt there will be cake, cookies. yeah, because I made some yesterday, but I doubt the cake."* I send back to her, then close the link.


*LILLY:* After that link from Keska, I open a link to Carson and Calen.*Remember what I told you yesterday. about Keska's birthday? Well, they have done it again, and they are even home for it this year, so bring the gifts with you when we go for lunch."* I close the link and go to get ready to head to the pack house, so that I will be there when the Doctor shows up.

1~~~1

DRAKE: I get to my office and find Chris and Marcus waiting for me.“Gentlemen, come in, Chris, you will need to hear what Marcus has to say this mmorning, as Greg is out with the twins, I need you to help take this issue on." I tell them as I open my office, and we all walk in. "So, Marcus,what have you got for me.""It's unusual to say the least, Alpha. I did the roll call as you asked, and we are missing two people, Brent Charter and Ronnie Briginhall. I did send two men out to investigate what happened,and what they told me was very strange. Alpha, very strange indeed." He says.“Please just get to the point Marcus." "Well, sir, Brent is an ice statue,and no, I am not kidding, he looks like someone carved his exact likeness out of ice." He took out his phone and showed a picture of the statue."Then about 5 feet from the ice statue, we found a pile of ash,we found a couple of teeth in it and sent them to be tested, we put a rush on it, and we should have those results in half an hour." "Did you move anything other than to get the teeth?" "No,sir, we thought you would want to see it for yourself Alpha,”"I may, but right now I want you to show Gamma Chris, as Beta Greg is busy right now," "Yes, Alpha," I link Mitchell, *Mitchell, I need you to come to my office please and bring everything we
have on Keska's stabbing." “Yes Alpha."* I close the link. “I just asked Mitchell to come, and bring the file from Keska's stabbing. I have a feeling that the two people we lost may have been the ones who stabbed her. But then that begs the question of what happened to them?"“Marcus,please show Chris where everything happened and find Darius and take him with you as well, he might be able to read any tracks that may have been left." They both answer with “Yes. Alpha." And left my office. About 10minutes later. Mitchell knocks on my door. “Come.”I call out.“You wished to see me. Alpha?" Mitchell asked. "Yes, Mlitchell,come in and close the door." I tell him. "We had an incident last night, and lost two people, and I believe that they were responsible for Keska's stabbing, even though we weren't able to prove it, I don't know that we now either." I tell him. "Why is that. Alpha?” “Because if it's true, both Brent and Ronnie are dead." “Dead! How?" "We don't exactly know. The report is interesting to say the least. I have sent Chris to verify it." I tell him.“Well,if it is true, then they would be held for execution for what they did to Keska anyway."“Yes, but we won't know if someone actually put them up to it, and if that is true, then we still have a problem." I tell him.“True.I may just go verify things myself as well." He tells me. "That's fine, but try not to disturb too much, I want the Doctor to see it as well." I tell him.There is a knock on my door. "Yes. Come” I call out. "Alpha." The door opens, and a lab tech is standing there. "Come in." I say. "Here is the report that Marcus ordered for you to see. We just finished it, and we ran It three times to verify it sir." "Thank you. What is your name?" I ask her."Nancy, Alpha." She answers. "Thank you, Nancy." I say. And take the report from her. She leaves and closes the door behind her. I open the folder she just handed me. "Well, what little DNA was left in the teeth they found confirme the pile of ash is Ronnie." I tell Mitchell as I hand him the folder. "Dambl" is all he says as he hands it back to me. *Drake come for breakfast"* Carla links mo. "Come. les's go for breakfst. or CuEla will skin me." I tell him. He chuckles as we both leave my office.
###Chapter54

KESKA: Father came in to join us for breakfast."Morning, everyone.I hope everyone slept well." He states. We reply in the affirmative. Then after breakfast, he heads out."I have things I have to check on this morning.and I believe that the first shipment to Camron goes today,and I want to make sure that goes smoothly." He states. Mackie and I head to Mom's office after I finish with my breakfast and put my dishes in the washer."I wonder what he has to check on?" Mackie asked. "Corla turned Brent into an ice statue last night, and she turned Ronnie into a pile of ashes." I whisper to her. “OH wow." She whispers back. We get to Mom's office and knock. "Come." she calls out. We enter and walk over to the table where she has a bunch of sample invitations laid out on the table.“I am having a hard time deciding which one to pick." She says. Mackie and I scan the cards, there are about 6 different cards with different fonts and designs on them. “Can they be mixed?” I asked, "I believe so, yes.” Mom says. I pull the one that has our pack emblem on it, and then I pull one that is a cream color but has a pearl-like incandescence to it. “I like these two together, it looks classy, sophisticated, but not overdone." I say. Then Mackie picked two different fonts. "This would look nice on the outside of the card, with the pack emblem, and this one looks classic for the inside."She pulled the two she picked and put them with the two I picked.“Beautiful, thank you both, I will get these to the printers right away." She links one of the omegas. There is a knock on her office door. "Come.”“You wished to see me Luna?" "Yes, Cally, I need you to take these to the printers. I have everything I want written out in detail, but if they have any questions, tell them to call or link me. Understood?" "Yes, Luna.” She takes the folder from mom and heads out. "Now I need to get your uncle here." She states. "I will link him if you want?" i tell her. “Yes.dear.go ahead." She tells me. ""Uncle Carson. Mom would like you to come to the Lunu's office, pleabe." "What for may A ask?' "The hsk for the batk." ”(hn
my way."* "He is on his way." I tell Mom. "Thank you dear. Now, I would like each of you to start to add the offspring to the list that I have already made, but I only want the ones that are 18 or older. Ok?”“Got it.”Mom hands each of us a list. Mackie and I compare them and realize they are the same, so we fold each list in half. and I take the top half, and Mackie takes the bottom half, and we get to work on it, we each grab a clean sheet of paper and get comfortable at the table mom has in her office when a knock comes at her door. “Come.” She calls out. The door opens.and in walks Uncle Carson, and he has a bag with him."So,can I see the list?" he asked. Mom hands him her copy of it. He skims over it and says,"I would like to add Ranier Lake Pack, they are a smaller pack, only about 800 members, but fierce and honest, and Wolf Lake Pack, again only about 800-1000 members, but again fierce and honest. Everyone else looks good."He says.“Do you know the Alphas, Lunas, and offspring 18 or older, and contact information for these packs?" Mom asked him. "Yes, Carla, I do, or I would not have mentioned them." “Ok, Carson, just let the girls know."Uncle Carson handed the list back to Mom, came over to the table, and gave me and Mackie the names of the Alphas, Luna's offspring, addresses,and general phone numbers. Then Mackie and I got to work on the rest of the list.


*Golden Sun Pack: Alpha Thomas, Luna Zema

Prinses: Barrett 22, Trent 20. and Trevor 18.

*Jlack Crescent Pack: Alpha Jake, Luna Leann

Alpha apparent Vance 20. Elane 19

*( old Moon Pack: Alpha T'y. Luna Tara

Alphas apparent Blake 19 swin Blane19
*Moon Rise Pack: Alpha Adrian, Luna Kina. Gamma Rex

*Dark Moon Pack: Alpha Sean. Luna Mia

Alpha apparent Marcus 20. Mia 19. Alisha 18

*High Crest Pack: Alpha Lucas. Luna Jewel

Alpha apparent Leasha 19. Josh 18

*Midnight Sky Pack: Alpha Eric, Luna Barbra

Alpha apparent Simon 21, Sharon 20

KESKA: Halfway through the list, Dr. Grant showed up to check me out.
So. I leave the office and take him to my room. “Dr. Grant, I need to tell you something,but I need you not to tell anyone except maybe Nana Lilly.onaly because she already knows." "Ok, what is it you wish to tell me?”“I shifted." I tell him.“YOU WHAT?” “Sshh. I shifted. Nana thinks that I am a hybrid, that I have more of Papa Rickard in me than the rest of us." I tell him. "Well, if you have shifted, I don't think there is any reason to do a check, but just to be safe, raise your shirt for me." I do what he asked of me, and he palpates the area where my stitches and human appendix were."Any pain?" he asked me. "No.”" “Ok. I still want you to be cautious. don't go running the obstacle course." "Ok, but can I ride my bike? And maybe go to the archery range?" I asked him. "You can ease into them. not both right away." He tells me. "Um, Doctor?" "Yes." "I was antsy most of yesterday, do you think that it was because I was going to shift, or was it because of something else, like being hyped on the pain meds?" "Were you utlll taking the paln meds?" "No, only if I was in serious pain. which wasn't." "Then it was most likely due go she fact that you got your wolf early, too early, I am going to have to do soma msearcta on that." Hle tela me. "I think Father wantь to jalk «x you soo." t tell him. "Ok. los's heac
back to the office then." We both get up and leave my room, and head back to Mom's office. I knock and open the door.go take my seat next to Mackie, and start in on the list again.


*Dark Forest Pack: Alpha John. Luna Juniper

Alpha apparent Apollo 20. Krystal 20

*Dutch Wood Pack: Alpha Shane Luna Avery

Alpha apparent Colton 19. Janica 18

*Black Waters Pack: Alpha Craig. Luna Marie

Alpha apparent Lex 22. Simone 21. Courtney 20

*Ranier Lake Pack: Alpha Randolf, Luna Maxine

Alpha apparent Richard 20, Roxie 18

*Wolf Lake Pack: Alpha Grant, Luna Loraine

Alpha apparent Link 21. Jasmine 19. Gem 18

*Harvest Moon Pack: Alpha Camron 23

*Burning Ember Pack: Alpha Fredrick, Luna Susan

Alpha apparent Rachel 21, Rick 20, Renae 18
###Chapter55
DRAKE: I get a link from Carla,*“Dear Dr.Grant is here to check on Kes,they just went to her room, so come to my office so you can talk to him？when they come back." "On my way."* I send back to her. "I have to go back to the pack house, but I will probably be back with the Dr." I tell my men. I undress and fold my clothes into a neat pile, and I shift. Mitchell  puts my clothes into a backpack for me. My wolf picks it up, and I take off running back to the pack house. I shift back, redress, and head upstairs to Carla's office. The Dr. and Keska come back into the office,and Kes nods at me. "Father." And returns to what she was doing before the doctor came. I just nod back to her. "Dr. Grant, I need to speak to you please." I say to him. "Of course, Alpha." I led the way out of Carla's office and down the hall to mine."Did you by chance take pictures and measurements of the bruised handprint on Keska's neck." I asked him.“Yes, alpha, I did." He tells me. "Good because we need those measurements and pictures, and I will need you to follow me. I have a dilemma on my hands, and I am hoping you can help solve it." I tell him."I will need to get them from my office." He says. "That's fine, do you have a backpack, because you will need one, we have to shift to get to where we need to go." I say to him. "Yes, I have one." "I will wait for you out back by the pool when you are ready meet me there, and then we will shift and head out." I tell him. He leaves my office, and I head down to the pool and wait.
JAN1CA: It's Tuesday, Junch just got over, and I take advantage of tho slight chaos of the Blue Crescent People gentlag ready to loave. I opon a lnk to my brother, *"Colton, wa need τa λλform Joskh αmd Eoushu abour Јюьвіе." “ don' клоw мbои 1еμьa;1 tuve  fosking that the woukt bo cn
Jessie's side unless there is irrefutable proof against her. But Josh is a definite."“Do you want to call him, or do you want me to."“I will.but I need to know everything that you know about what's going on before I make that call.""We will talk after they leave."* I close the link.


WYATT: I take advantage of the hustle and bustle of us packing to link James. *"Star sent me the screenshot of her text messages with Janica, what's there isn't hard proof against Jessie, but because we have more knowledge of what went down, it's not good either." “Let me see it.”* I pull the screenshot up on my phone and hand it over to him to read.{four idiots, stick to the script. any ideas, hear them, might have to do,Dutch Wood, after lunch. High Crest, home Saturday.} **She said she was going to delete it after she sent it to me so that there was no possibility of Jessie accidentally seeing it on her phone since they have to share a room all the time we are traveling." "Smart."* I close the link as James nods at me.

JAMES: I send a text to Dad. {I hope that you were informed of the issue involving Jessie?) |From what I discerned from the conversation, there were four people involved with Kes's stabbing.) |I am aware.] is what I get back. When we are packed, we head downstairs and wait with Beta Gregg for the girls. I linked Jessie, *"What is taking you so long?"“We are on our way."* I close the link. "Jessie says they are on their way." I tell Gregg. He just nods. I feel a push of a link, so I open it. *“Do you think we should let the Beta in on what we suspect about Jessie? Just in case something does come of it, he won't be blindsided?"* Wyatt sent. *"Yes.but be discreet and quick about it."* I sent him. I see him pull out his phone and open it, then approach the Beta. I am watching for the girls.

WYATT: "Beta Gregg: I need to show you thin."I handh him Emy phoste.and I have la open to the screpnshol sixas Siar weng me. Afrer scanning tr for a minute. he hands it back to me. "When did yom get shls. and whxe?
“Janica told Star about it. I guess she has a friend who is learning to read lips. and this came from a phone call Jessie got on Monday." “Heads up."We hear from James."We will talk about ths later." The Beta says. I just nod and put my phone away as the girls approach the vehicle.

BETA GREGG: As the kids load into the vehicle. I shake hands with Alpha Shane and Luna Avery. "Thank you for hosting us. It was a lovely Graduation ceremony." I say.“But now we need to hit the road so we can make our next destination on time." I say. “It was our pleasure, and thank you for coming. I hope that everything is ok with Keska, and they find who did it." Alpha Shane says to me. I just nod to him. Give a slight bow in the Luna's direction, turn, and get in the SUV,and we head out.

COLTON: I stand with my parents and sister waiting for them to leave,the minute the SUV is out of sight. "Dad, there is something you need to see and know."I say.“What is it?" "We think Jessie had something to do with Keska's stabbing."“Why would you say that?" I turn to my sister and nod to her. "Show him." I watch as my sister gets out her phone,opens it to her chat screen, scrolls through it to what she wants to show him."I know that it might be construed as an invasion of privacy, but in this case, I believe it was worth the risk, so I took the opportunity when it presented itself." My sister tells my dad. "Macey got close enough to read what Jessie was saying, she didn't get everything, but this is what she did get." |four idiots, stick to the script, any ideas, hear them, might have to do.Dutch Wood, after lunch, High Crest, home Saturday.) My dad scans Janica's screen. "This does not sound or look good. Do either of you know if Alpha Drake has been informed?" Dad asked. "I am unsure, but Janica did tell Star, so I'm sure she got it back to him comehow," I say.He nods at us. "We will leave it for them to deal with their own imsermak moss, bue we should inform High C'reut to keep an cye on ber." He saye. "I can, do ie;I will call Josh and bring hum up to speed on «verything." I tell bract. "lus
the facts, no gossiping." He tells me. I nod.

COLTON: I call Josh. The phone rings a few times before he picks up.“Hey Colton. what's up?" “You know about Keska getting stabbed?”I asked him."Yes. Alpha Drake, call Dad to let him know that the beta was coming with James and Jessie.why?"
###Chapter56

COLTON: “Janica and I believe Jessie may have been involved in it some way. We don't have any direct proof of it, but I will have Janica send you a screenshot of a conversation Jessie had with someone on Monday." I tell him."We just wanted to give you a heads up, and they just left here maybe 15 minutes ago." "How did you get what you got, proof-wise,I mean?" He asked me. "Janica's friend Macey can read lips, and that is what she picked up from Jessie's conversation."“I know it's blurring the line on privacy, but in this case, it's better to know, considering the end result was that her sister was stabbed, and they didn't seem to be bothered by it." I said to him. "That's crappy on their part." He says. “Yes, but I will make sure that Janica sends that over to you." “Have her send it to Dad, and I will fill him in when we hang up." “Ok. Bye." “Bye.”We hang up. I link my sister. *“Janica, send that screenshot to Alpha Lucas."“Ok.”*I close the link.


JOSH: I go to Dad's office and knock. “Come.” He calls out. I enter his office and close the door behind me."I need to talk with you about Jessie,from Blue Crescent." I say to him. And just then his phone dinged. "That will probably be from Janica." I say. "Why would Janica be sending me something?"“Please just look at it, Ihave no idea what it says, but I will tell you about it after you check it." I tell him. (four idiots, stick to the script, any ideas, hear them, might have to do, Dutch Wood, after lunch,High Crest, home Saturday.| Dad reads the message and then shows it to me."So, what are your thoughts on this?" he asked me. After reading it a few times, "I think that she maybe orchestrated, or at least had some part in her slster's stabbing, along with 4 others, and I feel like she might try something again, wlth the part of Vany Ideas, hour them, might have to do.\ and the last рart ів their іtiпexary." | sнy to him. “But нgmin,this is speculation on oиґ роr, but i truo, Keska could be in dangor," I tell him.“
I agree with you, we will keep an eye on her while she is here, but we cannot interfere with their internal pack issues." He tells me. “I also don't believe that we tell Leasha, she and Jessie are tight." I tell Dad. “Agreed." I leave his office.

~~~1

KESKA: After we finish the list for the ball,"How about we get a driving lesson." I state. "Yeah, we could do that, it's not strenuous on you, it might be on Stephen though." Mackie chuckles. I just glare at her. “As long as you are back for lunch." Mom says. “Ok.” I link Stephen.“Stephen,are you able to give us our first driving lesson now?"“I will check with Miss Lilly." “Ok.” I close the link and wait. "He is checking with Nana."I tell Mackie. I feel the push of a link, and I open it. "I will be there to take you for your first lesson in a couple of minutes."“Thank you,Stephen."I close the link. "Let's go,he will meet us out front." I tell Mackie.

DRAKE: The Dr. shows up, and he has changed from his business attire into workout clothes. I look at him and nod. We both strip down, pack our clothes in the backpacks, shift into our wolves, and head out to the site of the incident. We reach the spot where the ice statue is on the west border, and we shift back. We get dressed.“Wow, what the heck?” the doctor asked, shocked. "Yes, I agree, now you understand why I asked you to come." I said. "I would not have believed this without seeing it for myself." He said. I just nod. Before he can step up to the statue, I stop him.“Wait, I need to hear from Darius." I tell him. He steps back. I link Darius, *Darius, are you close?" “Yes. Alpha.” I need to know what you found," I will be there in a couple of minutes."* He sends, and I close the Jink. When he gets here, he starts to inspect the ground, and he starts to sniff, and he circles outward, like he is searching for something, then circles back in. "I know ii was a wolf Alpha, and # pack member, but I have never smelled it before. but it is from this pack." He tells us. “Hut
where did it go?" I ask him. "I don't know, the tracks just stop." I tell him to go to the pile of ashes and check there as well. "Yes, Alpha." And he leaves us. I tuarn to the doctor. "It's ok now, you can check it out." I tell him."This is incredible. I have never seen anything like this in my life.” He says. I know what he means. "What I need to know, Doc, is does his hand fit the bruise on Keska's neck?" I ask. I watch as he takes out his instruments and starts to measure the hands of the statue. "Yes, alpha, his hand is a match in measurement to Keska's bruise. But that does not mean he did it." He tells me. "How?" I question him. “Think of it like this.I buy a pair of gloves, you buy a pair of gloves, and Frank buys a pair of gloves, Frank andI can wear the same pair of gloves, but yours are too big to fit us, so Frank and I would still be suspect, but you would not." He explains. I nod in understanding. “I was just hoping that we had a lead.but now we just have more questions." I say."I still may have some help for you. Keska shifted this morning. It could have been her wolf. It makes sense with what Darius said." He tells me. "But this?" I wave my hand at the statue. "That I don't know about." He says. "Come, let me show you what else." I take him the five feet up the border to the pile of ashes."This is what is left of Ronnie Briginhall." Again, I turn my attention to Darius. "What do you have for me?" I asked him. "Same as with the statue,it's a wolf and a pack member. But here's the weird thing, where the tracks start." And he takes us back a few steps and points to the ground,and it looked like he was stalked for 3-4 steps. And then ashes. "But this is where the tracks start, nothing before. And they go for about another 3-4steps and nothing." He says. "It's the same in both places."


\'~ー~!


KESK A: Mackle and I each spend about 45 minutee behind the wheel of our car before Stephen takes Ms back to the pack house for lunch. "Stephen,do you think we will bo ready to drive by the end of the week?" I ask
him. "It is possible, but you have to be diligent and follow everything I am instructing you on." He tells us. "We will." We get out of the car and head into the pack house for lunch. "Hi Sarah, what's for lunch today?" “Your favorite. a salad with ranch and Italian dressing, and a sandwich with ham.turkey, beef. and lettuce." She tells us. “Anything I can help with?"“Not today, love, it's your birthday." “Since when has that made a difference?" I asked her. "Since your uncle is here." She said. So. Mackie and I went to the pack dining room to have lunch with the rest of the pack. Nana.Uncle Carson,and Beta Calen came in and sat down with us. “Happy birthday Keska." Uncle Carson said.
###Chapter57

KESK A: And he kissed the top of my head. "Thank you, Uncle." I said.“Happy birthday." Beta Calen said. "Thank you. Beta." I replied.I heard the front door open, and there were Adrian and Kina. I go hug them both,“Thank you both so much for coming.""We wouldn't miss your birthday sweets." Adrian says. "Uncle Carson. I would like you to meet my mate Kina. Kina, this is our great-uncle Carson." “Nice to meet you." Kina stretches out her hand to shake his. "You as well." He shakes her hand.“So. what are we having for lunch today?" Uncle asked. "Salad and sandwiches, because I think that dinner might be bigger. Unsure but possibly." I tell him with a shrug of my shoulders."What will dinner be?”He asked. "Well, I hope it will be filet mignon, with all the fixings, but we will have to wait and see." I said.


DRAKE: I get a link from the front gate. *“Alpha, Alpha, Adrian,and Luna Kina are here." "Let them in.""Yes, Alpha." “Drake, come for lunch,your uncle is here and is sitting with Keska."* I get the link from Carla.*Adrian and Kina are here as well."* I send back to her. “Alright,guys,time to head back for lunch." I call out to everyone. I undressed, folded my clothes. and put them in the backpack, as did the Dr. We all shifted into our wolves and headed back to the pack house. I shifted back,redressed, and headed inside to get cleaned up for lunch with the rest of the family. I camne back downstairs and headed to the family dining room.No one was there. *"Where is everyone?"* I linked Carla. *“In the pack dining room."* I get back. So, 1 head over there. "Why is everyone in here?”J whispered to Carla. "Because this is where Keska decided to have Junch." She whispers back. I take my seat at the table, and an omegu brings me a plate with a salad, three sandwicheв, a cup of tomato soup.and some chips. "Is this what you asked for, for your blrthday lunch?" t asked Keska. "Yep." She bays, popping the P. "Kes. I would like you to
come by my office after lunch." Dr. Gant says to her. I see she stiffens at his words and looks in the direction of Lilly. Who just nods. “Ok. I guess."She says to him.


CARLA: “Is everything alright, Dr.?” “Yes, I just want to take an ultrasound to check the internal stitches." He tells me. “Ok.”


CARSON: “I will make sure she gets there; we are going to celebrate her birthday after lunch with gift openings." I say. "So. is everyone done?" I asked. And looked around at everyone there. I see a lot of nods."So,let's head out to the pool." I say.


KESKA: As we head out to the pool, Adrian signs to me that Kina is expecting their first pup. I hug them both. And sign (congratulations.but why the signing?) (didn't they want to announce it to everyone?) he signs back (Not yet, we want to wait just a bit longer.) I sign (Love you.) to him."Father,would it be possible to get an early driver's license?" I asked him."I'm not sure, why do you ask?" He says to me. "Well, if all goes well at the Dr.'s, Stephen has agreed to give Mackie and me lessons,and I was hoping that by the end of the week we might be able to take the test and get our license early." I say. "And that is not a strenuous activity." I add.“I will look into it." He tells me. "Thank you." We headed out to the pool.I was shocked and pleasantly surprised at what I received, the arrows were superb that Beta Calen gave me, and 2 of the newest versions of Samsung's phone. From Uncle Carson, why Samsung? because it's not what Jessie has, and easier for me to use. And a brand-new bow from Nana. I was ecstatic, to say the least. Adrian and Kina gave me a book on sign language and gift cards to a sporting goods store. "Nana, you got us the car, you didn't have to get me something else," I said to her. “1wanted to." She tells me. We had my cookies for dessert, I watked Aclrain and Kina out when they left to go home. "Thank you again for coming.love you both. and I have another secret that I will shure with you later."
give them both hugs. Then I headed back to the pool. *“Nana, will you come with me to the Doctor'S?"*I link her. *“Yes, dear, I will come with you."* She sends back. So, we head out to Uncle Carson's car and head to the Dr's. office.


KESKA: Uncle Carson drives Nana and me to the doctor's office. We get taken right back to a room where he has the ultrasound machine already set up. A nurse comes in and hands me a paper gown to put on. I step into the smnall bathroom and change into it. When I come out, the doctor is there talking with Nana. "I believe that she is a phase wolf." I heard Nana say. "But what exactly is a Phase wolf?""I can't say for sure exactly,but my mate was a phase elemental; he could become the element, move as the element. I believe that Keska's wolf can also move as the element.so if she is an earth element she can leave no tracks, in her wolf form,she would be able to glide on a breeze of wind if she had the air element, walk through a fire and not be burnt if she has the fire element, and basically walk on water and you wouldn't see her if she has the water element."Nana tells the doctor. " I come over to the table and wait for them to be done with their conversation. "Umm, Nana. I don't know about all of that,but I know that I had this weird feeling, it is hard to describe, but like how when we shift, and we shake out our fur? It felt like that, but only in slow motion, but it was all the way down to my skin, not just my fur,and then I was behind Brent, and after Corla bit him, it happened again, and I was behind Ronnie. After she bit him, we jumped like we do on the obstacle course and then headed for home." I told them.


DR GRANT: "Keska, did Corla kill Brent and Ronnie?" He asked. "Yes, she said it was because they hurt us." she told me. "Kes, you need to tell your father about it.°" I sald. "I will." She eaid. "But right now, can we got thls ultrasound thing done please," "Yes, of course." Sho gete on the tabe,and I put a paper sheet over her, then ask her to raiso the gown. I bull tho
sheet down to just below her lower stomach. "This will be a bit cold." I tell her as I squirt the gel on the right side of her stomach. Then I put the wand down and start to move it around, and then add a little more pressure to it. I turn the screen towards her so she can see what I see."Well. this is where your stitches should be. And as you can see,they are gone, and you are completely healed." I tell her. "Can I shoot?”She asked."I don't see why not, but you need to tell your parents that you have your wolf.or you could get push back from them." I tell her. "Yes, Doctor.” She says.“Do you think you could show me your wolf?" I asked. “Sure,I suppose."She handed her clothes to Lilly, and she leaves the paper gown on. I get it. why waste the effort of getting dressed when she will just have to get undressed again. Once we are outside, she shifts into her wolf. After she shifts, she shakes out her fur like most wolves do. Before me stands a large red wolf, she has the brightest green eyes I have ever seen,a birthmark in the shape of a burning ember, and a shimmery outline to her,like the ripples on the surface of water. (So now you see me, what do you want to know?| She asked me. “You speak, how is that possible?”{Just like you.) she tells me. "Our wolves speak through our humans, or they mind link. How is it possible that you are speaking?" {I can access her vocal cords and use them as well.} "What else can you do?” (I can phase.)"What is that?" {I don't know, watch.] and she shakes, more like
###Chapter58

DR. GRANT: Shimmy's, and she is a few feet away from where we are standing. Then she does it again and I lost sight ofher (Boo) she says.And I jump. and she starts to laugh. "Do you know that you disappear?”I asked. |No. just phase.} she replies. “Do you know how far you can go?"I asked (No. haven't tried.) she says. "Do you have all the elements?”I asked (No, only fire and water.) she answers me. Listening to her speak is like listening to Scooby Doo. |Are we done? Keska wants to go shooting,and she wants another driving lesson.} “Yes, we are done, it was nice to meet you Corla." I tell her. {Thank you, but I am going to nip you.} she says to me. "Why?" {To make you immune.) she tells me. And before anyone can do or say anything else, she nips me on the leg. I watch as she shifts back, and there is no sound of bones breaking, just Keska lying on the ground naked. Lilly hands her her clothes, and she gets dressed.“Can you describe how you feel when you shift back?" I asked her."I feel a push, that is the best way I can put it, just a push, like I am being pushed forward." She says. I nod my head.

LILLY: "Sorry, Doctor, I will let you take a vial of my blood so you can have an antidote to her poison. I will give you what you will need to help you not be quite so sick as well, and then you will be immune and will be able to use your own blood to make an antidote." I tell him."When will I feel the effects of her bite?" he asked. "Oh no, that was not a bite, that was a nip, there is a big difference. If she actualy bit you, you would be dead.With the nip, you will start to feel sick, around dinner time tonight."I tell him. "Well then, let's get that vial of blood from you, and you can tell me what I will need to do, and what I will need to get to help with the recovery process." He says to me. We all head back inside and he calls in a nurse. "Please take three vials of Miss Lilly's blood." He tells the nurse. "Three? I agreed to one." I tell him in a not-so-nice tone. "Yes,but three
ensures that we will have a bit of a head start if the need arises, and they don't have an indefinite expiration date." He tells me. After the nurse takes my blood. I write down the herbs that the Doctor will need to help expedite his recovery. And Keska and I leave the clinic and head back to the pack house.


KESKA: I link both mom and father when we get back.*"Father, Mom,I have something I need to talk to you about."“Come to my office, dear,Drake, we can talk here. I have the invitations back, and we can start addressing them as we talk." “Yes, Mom.” “I will be there in a minute,dear."'* I close the link. "Mom has the invitations back from the printers.and she wants me to help address them." I tell Nana.“Alright,dear.you go. and I will see you at dinner." She says, and I hug her bye. And turn and head up the stairs to Mom's office. I link Mackie as I head up.*“Mom has the invitations back and wants me to help address them. want to come help?" "Sure, I don't have anything to do right now anyway,so I might as well, and the sooner we get that done, the sooner we can have another driving lesson." "True that, and maybe get some practice in on the range before dinner. But be forewarned, I am going to tell Mom and Father that I have Corla." "That should be interesting. I am on my way."*I close the link. And knock on Mom's office door. “Come.”I walk in and take a seat at the table, and start to divide the invitations. Then another knock comes. "Come.” Mom called. And father walks through the door.

CARLA:"What was it that you wanted to talk to us about, dear?"“First,Mackie is on her way to help, so please let her in, then I will tell you." She says. (I swear those two are thicker than flies on a dung pile.) "Alright."There comes another knock, "Come," I call, and Mackinze enters my office and walks over to take her place at the table to start on her pile of invitations. "Alright, Keska, please tell us what you wanted to talk about."" have my wolf." She deadpans like ir's ao big deal and with very limle
emotion attached to it. "WHAT? HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE!”I practically shout. “Carla dear, calm down." Drake comes over to me and takes me in his arms, he rubs small circles on my back to help calm me.I take in his scent, which helps a great deal. "The Dr. and Nana believe it's because of all the trauma I went through." She says. “Did your wolf kill Brent and Ronnie?" Drake asked her. "Yes, she said it was because they hurt us, and yes, she said us. Nana believes it's because I am a hybrid.”She says.


DRAKE: “Ok,you need to start at the beginning of this story." I tell her.“I got Corla this morning at midnight, we went for a run, then the next thing I know we were stalking Brent, she jumped bit him in the butt, he turned to ice, then I phased as she puts it and we were behind Ronnie,again she jumps and bites him in the leg, poof a pile of ashes, I asked her why, and she said because they hurt us, I asked how she knew, and she said she smelled them and she remembered. And that's it, that's all she said. Then we jumped, like when I am running the obstacle course at Nana's, and we landed about a foot and a half past Ronnie and headed back to the pack house."

CARLA: "Is it the trauma of being stabbed?" I asked her."Among other things." She says. "What other things?” “Oh, I don't know, maybe being rejected by my grandmother, and sister, getting clawed twice, and then being stabbed, take your pick." She says, shrugging her shoulders. Yet again, she deadpans her answer, with no emotion attached, not even a hint of sarcasm in her voice. "Well, I guess I can close the case on what happened to Brent and Ronnie." Drake states. "You said you're a hybrid?How is that possible?" I asked, "“Because Papa was a phase elemental, so my wolf јG a phase wolf," She states, "May we sce her?" Drake asked.“Maybe after we finish with the Invitations, I had to shilk for tho Doctor, so I am a bit tired right now," She aays. "Bus with all of that being said. may
I go to the range later?"She asked. Now that she has her wolf, there is no reason not to be able to do what she wants. "I don't mind."I told her.She looks at Drake. "Am I to be punished?" She asked him.

DRAKE:"Why would you be punished?"“Because of Corla killing two pack members." She states like it's an everyday occurrence, the punishment. not the killing. "No, you will not be punished." I tell her.“Your wolf knew who hurt you,and because of what they did, they would have been executed anyway." I tell her. She just looks at me and blinks her eyes. like she is lost for a moment. "What is it?" I asked, "I guess I don't understand why you would have executed them?" She says.“Because they hurt you!" I reply with a bit of harshness in my tone.She shrugs her shoulders and starts working on the invitations.


KESKA: By the time Mackie and I finish addressing and stuffing the envelopesfor the invitations, it's dinner time. *"So much for our drivng lesson, but maybe we can still get a round in on the range after dinner."* I linked Mackie. *“You are just itching to use your new bow hu?"*
###Chapter59

KESKA:*“Kinda yeah, but you get my old bow, and if you're ok with it.maybe Liam can have your old bow." “Naw, I don't mind; he can have it if he wants it." “Let's head down."* We leave Mom's office and head downstairs for dinner. "We are done with the invitations Mom.”I tell her.We end up in the family dining room for dinner with Uncle Carson, Beta Calen. Nana. Mom. Father, the twins Mackie, and me. Dinner was my favorite, filet mignon, air-fried green beans till they are crunchy, and tater tots. After dinner, Mackie and I helped with clean-up."Liam,you want to go to the range with Mackie and me?” I asked him. "Sure." He says.“I need to run home quick and grab my bow." Mackie says.“Ok,we will meet you on the copse road." I tell her. Then I go grab both my new bow and my old bow and the arrows I just got at lunchtime. We head out,jump on our bikes, and head for the dirt road that cuts through the trees and wait for Mackie. We all head to the archery range.


MACKIE:“Hey Liam, would you like to have my bow?" "Are you sure?”“Yeah, I am going to take Keska's old one, so if you want, you can have mine.”“Yeah! Then I don't have to rent one either." “No, you don't.”


KESKA: We get to the range; I go into the shop. "Kent,check out my arrows." I show him my new arrows. "Wow, where did you get them? The fletching is amazing." He says,"The old Beta got them for me, and Nana bought me a new bow." I hand him my bow to check out as well."Nice craftsmanship." He tells me. "We would like to use the last three targets,and we will need some more arrows. I plan on breaking these in, but there are three of us, so we need more." I tell him, "On it." He hands me two more quivers full of arrows, "Any bows this time around?" be asked.“No.we got that covered. Liam is getting Mackie's how, and she is taking my old bow," I tell him. I take the quivers and head out to the targers. We are
able to shoot for about an hour to an hour and a half before it gets too dark to shoot safely. we collect the arrows we used. and I take them back to Kent and pay for the rental. We head back to the pack house, say bye to Mackie, and head into bed.


~~~1

DRAKE:“Will I ever be able to win her back?" I ask Carla. “What do you mean?" she asked. "You saw her, the look on her face when I said that Brent and Ronnie would have been executed for what they did, like why would I do that." I said to her. "There is more, and it has to do with Jessie.”"Now what? Has she caused problems?""No, not yet anyway." I pull out my phone and open it to what Evelyn sent me that she got from Star. \four idiots, stick to the script, any ideas, hear them, might have to do,Dutch Wood, after lunch, High Crest, home Saturday.\] “But from the looks of this, she might when she gets home." I tell her.I handed her my phone and let her read what was there. "What is all this?" She asked me."Long story, short version, Janica has a friend who reads lips, and this is what she picked up from a conversation that Jessie had on the phone on Monday." I tell her. "Well, I guess we know 2 of the 4." She says,“Yes, I guess we do." I say.

CARLA: “I have a feeling that you are right, she might be planning some kind of mischief for when she comes home." I tell Drake. "We need to get ahead of it and find out who the other two are, so that maybe we can prevent more deaths, and maybe save Jessie some trouble." I say.“Maybe Jessie needs a little trouble, give her a tasteof what she has caused Keska."Drake says, "After everything I have let her get away with, if she gets her hand caught in the proverbial cookle jar, as it were, she will have to take her punishment." He says

DRAKE: I open a link to Michell,* Please come to my office gnd bring the
file on Keska's stabbing with you. I need to see who was in her group of sparing partners." “Yes. Alpha, I take it you have some answers?" “Yes,and an idea about some others as well."* I close the link.“Come to the office with me, dear. I just linked Mitchell, he will be here soon.”“Alright.”As Carla and I head to my office. I get a link from Frank.*"Alpha, I have a new cadet to the Delta force with me. He says he needs to speak with you.""What's his name?”“Chris Banks Alpha." "Send him up with Mitchell." “Yes. Alpha."* I close the link. "What's going on,Drake?” Carla asked me."Not sure. I just hope it's not more problems. Mitch is bringing a new cadet to Delta Force with him who wants to talk with me." I tell her.


MITCHELL: "Hold up, Mitch." I hear Frank call out. I stop and turn my head to look in the direction of his voice. "What's up? I need to get to the Alpha's office." I tell him. "I knowN, but take Chris here with you, he needs to talk to the Alpha. and Alpha said to send him with you." He tells me.“Come on." I say. "Thank you." Chris says to both of us. We head to the pack house and then up to the Alpha's office.

~~~1

JESSIE: It was after lunch on Wednesday, and my phone rings. I check the caller ID and see that Dedi is calling me. I look around to make sure I am alone and answer the call."Hey Dedi, what's up?" “Brent and Ronnie are dead!" she whisper-screams at me. "What? How?" “We don't know,the alpha is looking into it, but rumor has it that they think the two of them had something to do with Keska's stabbing." She says. “What about the other two?" I ask. "Haven't heard anything from or about them." She says. "Let's hope it stays that way." "Any ideas yet for the ball?" She asks."I'm thinking the kidnapping is the only way to go,there is an old hunting cabin about a ts mile from the north boarder that doesn't ger used any more, all we need to do is chloroform, her, and take her there,have one of the guys watch to make sure she stays pur until the ball is over and
I am long gone with my mate." I say to her. "You're pretty confident about finding your mate." She saysto me. "I have to be. I don't want to spend any more time around that snotty bitch then I must. Go make sure that the cabin is ready for her and nail the windows shut from the outside."I tell her. And I hang up and go about my business.

UNKNOWEN: I was on my way to clean the dining hall when I heard a phone ring. Wishing not to disturb the guest of the young Alpha,I stopped where I was. thinking that the person would walk away
###Chapter60
UNKNOWN: to somewhere more private than the middle of the hallway.where anyone could listen in. I need to get away from here quickly and tell the Alpha what I heard. I head back the way I came from and go straight to the Luna's office. I knock on her door. "Come." She calls out.“I am sorry to disturb you, Luna Jewel, but I just overheard a very bad  conversation between someone named Dedi, and I don't know who, as I did not see them, about a kidnapping." I tell her. "Calm down,Cammi,breathe." She tells me.
LUNA JEWEL: *"Lucas. I need you in my office NOW!”* I link my mate.*“Is something wrong?""Cammi just came into my office, almost in tears and on the verge of hyperventilating." "On my way."* I close the link.I pour a glass of water for her and hand it to her. "Slow sips." I tell her.She nods at me as she takes the glass from my hand with both of hers. A minute later, there is a knock on my door, and Lucas comes in. “Are you better now?" I asked her. She nods her head at me. "Ok, now slower this time, tell us what you heard." I say in a calm voice to her. And she nods again."I was on my way to help in the dining hall, like you asked me to,when I heard a phone ringing so I stopped where I was, as I did not want to disturb the person, and believing that they would go somewhere more private than the middle of the hallway, I did not mean to eavesdrop truly I did not." She starts to rush. "It's ok, Cammi, no one is going to punish you,you're ok." I tell her. "Just tell us what you heard." She nods her head again. "The person Dedi called the lady, the lady asked \[what and how\J, then the lady asked \[what about the other two\], then the lady says \flet's hope it stays that way\], then the lady says \[I'm thinking that the kidnapping is the only way to go, thero is a hunting cabin % mile from the north boarder that nobody usos anymore, just chloroform her and bave one of the guys watch to make sure she stays pue wntil the ball is
over and I leave with my mate\], then the lady says \[I have to be, I don't want to spend any more time around that snotty bitch than I have to叭＼].and then the lady says \[go make sure the cabin is ready and nail the windows shut from the outside.\] And then I left. I needed to be away from there and tell someone, so I came here." "You did the right thing Cammi." I nod at her. Remember. slow sips. I point to her water."Yes,Luna.”


LUCAS: I pull my mate over to her desk. I take out my phone, and let her read it."I guess we now have all the pieces to this." I point at my phone.“Where did you get this. and when?" she asked me. Janica sent it to me per Josh's request yesterday." I told her,"They all feel that Jessie had something to do with Keska's stabbing, and I would say that with what Cammi just heard and with this, (pointing at my phone) I think that I need to call Alpha Drake and let him know to expect trouble when his kids get home." I tell her. "You should tell him to put her in the cells for what she caused!" She tells me. “You'll get no argument from me." I tell her, but we can't tell another Alpha how to handle his pack or his kids."I tell her. I will call him after dinner." I tell her. "And Josh needs to know,but we are keeping it from Leasha for now until there is solid proof about Jessie, as they are so close, we don't want to let on about anything." I tell her."Yes, but with what we just learned, (she nods her head towards Cammi.) I would say that is solid proof." She tells me.“Do you mind if I Jink Josh and have him come here and hear what Cammi heard for himself?" I ask her. "No, go ahead.” “*Josh, I am in your mother's office with her and Cammi, you need to come and hear this for yourself."“On my way."* I close the link. I take out my phone and set it to record, I don't want to put Cammi through having to tell the story over and over,as it clearly has upser her, so I will record it to save her the anxioty. A knock comes on the office door, and C'ammi jumps. "Cammi, you're ok." Jewel spoke spfily to her. And then called "Come." The door opened and Josh
came in. "You wanted to see me?" "Yes. Josh. we did. Cammi here just overheard a conversation that you will need to share with James." I tell him. "Then I think he should be here to hear it himself, and possibly the Beta as well." He says. I look at my mate. "He has a point about that." I say to her. She nods."Cammi, we are going to have you tell the young Alpha and the Beta of Blue Crescent what you heard. you are safe, and no one will hurt you. do you think you can do that for us?" Jewel asked her in a calming voice. She nods to my mate. So, I call the Beta, and Josh calls James.


LUCAS: We only have to wait a couple of minutes before a knock comes at the door. "Come." My mate calls out. The door opens. and both James and the Beta come in. "Alpha, Luna. I hope all is well." Beta Gregg greets us."Yes, all is well, the reason we called you in here, you are aware of the issue surrounding Jessie?" “I was made aware before we left Dutch Wood.Has she caused trouble?""Not for us, she hasn't, but I fear she has some not-so-nice plans for when she gets home, but please take a seat."“Cammi.this Beta Gregg Gleeson, and the young Alpha James from the Blue Crescent pack. The conversation that you overheard, we think, has something to do with their pack, ok. So, I want you to tell them exactly what you told us, can you do that?" I asked her. She nods her head.seeming a bit calmer now. I start my phone, so we get it recorded.(“I was on my way to help in the dining hall, like you asked me to, when I heard a phone ringing so I stopped where I was, as I did not want to disturb the person, and believing that they would go somewhere more private than the middle of the hallway, I did not mean to eavesdrop truly I did not.”)“We know, Cammi, you wouldn't do that if you had a choice." I tell her.She nods. I nod my head to have her continue. "The person Dedi called the lady. the lady asked \what and how\], then the lady asked \whar about the other two\, then the lady says \(let's hope it stays that way\l.then the lady says \|I'm thinking that the kidnapping is the only way to
go, there is a hunting cabin t mile from the north boarder that nobody uses anymore. just chloroform her and have one of the guys watch to make sure she stays put until the ball is over and I leave with my mate\],then the lady says \[J have to be. I don't want to spend any more time around that snotty bitch than I have to\]. and then the lady says \[go make sure the cabin is ready and nail the windows shut from the outside.\] And then I left. I needed to be away from there and tell someone, so I came here." She finishes her narrative and seems to be a bit unsettled again. Jewel comes and rubs small circles on her back to help calm her. I see James look at the Beta. "Thank you, Cammi? Is it?" James speaks calmly to her and gives her a small smile. “You're welcome.”She whispers to him.“Come, gentlemen, let's finish this in my office so my mate can calm her down again without the pressure of us looming over her." I say.
###Chapter61

LUCAS: We all stand and head to the door. I kiss my mate as I follow the others out. I led them down the hall and up the stairs to myoffice.Once inside. James is the first to speak. “Please don't take this the wrong way,as I mean no disrespect, Alpha, but how sure are you of her competency?She seems a bit off." “She has some sensory issues, but she is honest.We saved her from her old pack that did nothing but belittle and abuse her."I tell him. He nods in understanding, then. "I was going to call the Alpha after dinner to inform him of what we discovered today. I also recorded it so she doesn't have to keep telling the story; it upsets her to think that someone will be in danger." I tell them. "We would like to be in on that call." Beta Gregg says. "I would like to get an update on what is going on back home, and if they found anything out about the stabbing." He continues. "Of course, I quite understand." I say. “Dad will need to put someone on Keska as well, and she will hate that." James says."Well,if the rumor is true that I heard about what happened at your cousin's induction, and Luna's ceremony, I don't know that I would worry too much about your sister." I say. "What's the rumor?" The Beta asked.“That she gave Alpha Camron a black eye and some bruised ribs." I say. “That's news to me." James says,"and I was there, but I can find out easily enough." I just chuckle,"Did you have eyes on your sister the whole time,or were you enjoying the festivities?" I asked him. He nodded in understanding. “But still, if true, it's impressive that she could have done that to an Alpha. How can you confirm a rumor about him?" Josh says. "I have his number, as we have a contract with him." James says. "Yes. but still, she did get stabbed." Beta Gregg says. We all nodded at that. "It would be interesting to know, though," I say. "Would you like me to call him to confirm?" James asked, "Sure."' I chuckle.

JAMES: I pull out my phone, scroll to Alpha Camron's namo, and hit call.
It rings a few times before he answers. "Hello, James, is everything going ok?” he asked. "Yes. as far as I know, I am at High Crest Pack. May I put you on speaker? Alpha Lucas would like to ask you a question."“Sure."I hit the speaker. “You are now on speaker Alpha Camron." I tell him.“Hello. may I assume there are others in the room as well?" He asked."Yes.Alpha. I am Alpha Lucas, my son Josh, and Blue Crescent's Beta Gregg.along with James, are all here." Alpha Lucas says."What may I help you gentlemen with?" He asked."I know that this is a silly reason to be calling.but I heard a rumor that a certain young lady may have gotten the better of you at a certain induction ceremony?" All we hear is laughter coming from the other end of the connection. "Yes, it is very true. but in my defense. I was unaware the young lady in question was alpha born. and that she knows aikido. So, if anyone is thinking of trying to sneak up on her, be forewarned." He says with a lighthearted chuckle. "Thank you. I will keep that in mind." Alpha Lucas says with a chuckle of his own. “But since you called, I have a question for you, if I may." "Go ahead.""I believe that you have a tech manufacturing company?" “Yes."“Would you be interested in coming to see me and possibly setting up a trade agreement?”“I would need more information, but we can discuss that at the mating ball in a couple of weeks.""I will look forward to it. Speaking of said young lady. how is Keska, James?”He asked me."We had an incident. and she got hurt, but the doc says she will be fine." I tell him.“Please keep me informed. But I must be going. Bye." “Bye."” I hang up.

JAMES: "Alpha Lucas, will you please send a copy of that recording to me and Beta Gregg?" I asked him. "Sure." He says. I look at Josh. "We need to go join the others and try not to let on that Jessie is caught. I believe that Dad will want to deal with her his way." "Roger that." "Alpha, Beta Gregg," I incline my head to show both men respect. And a silent queskion of dismisвal. Alpha Lucas nods Josh and I leave. We join the girls and Wyatt out at the pool. *Jessie is caught dead to rights.'» I link Wyatt, *
What? How?""The Omega Cammi, she overheard Jessie's phone call with Dedi. Alpha Lucas is going to send a copy of the recording he took of her telling us what she heard to me and Beta Gregg." “Cammi? Isn't she the one who's a bit off?" “Yes, she probably has some form of PTSD. They saved her from her last pack that bullied her, but he says she's honest.That's good enough for me." “Does it shed light on the other information we have?"“Yes, it fills in some of the gaps, and also gives us some of what she will try when we get home.""Wow."“Did you know that our sisters know aikido?" “No, where did you hear that?"“Alpha Camron.I will tell you later, now we need to get back to the group.”“Copy that.”*I close the link.


~~~1

MITCHELL: I knock on the office door. "Come." I hear so I open the door and usher Chris in first, and enter after him, and close the door."Come,have a seat." I hear the Alpha tell Chris. "You have the file I asked for?"he asked me. I hand him the file I had in my hand, and he puts it down in front of him.


DRAKE: "So Chris, right? What can I do for you?”“Umm,well,Alpha,I think I may have messed up." "How so?" "I think I was used. I am unsure how to explain this." "Take your time, let's start with what it pertains to." I tell him. “Well, Alpha, it was I who raised the alarm the day that your daughter was stabbed. I did smell rotten meat, I just didn't investigate it well enough, but I thought that I was following the chain of command, they told me to link Kirk Anders, and that he would inform the head guard." He tells me. I open the file that Mitchell brought with him,I see Kirk Anders' name as one of the threo otbers that Keska was partnered with that day. I underline his name and show Mitchell. “Do you know why they told you to link Kirk? And who exactly told you to link him?” I asked bim. "I beliove, looking back on h, Atpha, that it was
because I beat them at what I thought was a friendly game of poker. Brent Charter and Rodney Barns," he tells me. I write the name Rodney Barns down on the file folder. "Thank you, Chris. Was Rodney with you on patrol that night?" I asked him. “Yes,as a matter of fact, he was part of the squad with me." He tells me.“You have helped a lot, just a word of advice going forward, link the head warrior yourself,let him know of any suspicions you might have on the given situation, and then play along with them, that way you are protecting yourself from ending up in the cells." I tell him. "Yes, Alpha. thank you." “You are welcome,you may go."I tell him. I watch as he leaves my office. "Well, I think we now know who the other 2 are." I tell Mitchell. “Sorry, Alpha, you lost me." I take out my phone and open it to the screenshot of Jessie's conversation that she had with someone on Monday. “This was on Monday.” I tell him and let him read it. "Ok, wow.” He states. "Yes, and now we know who the other two are and who the scapegoat is supposed to be. Have someone keep an eye on Chris, just for his safety, and to be his backup if and when the time comes." I tell Mitchell.“Yes, Alpha, I have just the person in mind. I need to let him and Frank know what's going on, though."“I understand,but only those two. we can't take any chances and tip our hand before Jessie tries to make her move.""Yes, Alpha.”"Thanks, Mitch,I'll let you get back to then." He nods and leaves my office. I just look at Carla,"What do you think?" I asked her. "I don't know what to think.I never expected that one of our children could be this bad!" She was close to tears.
###Chapter62

DRAKE: "Nor I. but in hindsight, it is my fault for not asking Keska her side of the issue when I punished her."I say."But how do we fix this, fix Jessie?" She asked. "We will have to humble her. show her that what she has done is not the actions of an Alpha or Luna. or any ranked wolf for that matter." I tell her. "She is taking after your mother. Drake." “I know.and it's time she learns the cold. hard truth about my mother." I tell her.

MITCHELL: As I leave the Alpha's office. I link Frank. *"I need you to get Cash and meet me in my office in 5 minutes, there are some issues that we need to discuss." "On it."* He sends back to me. I get to the barracks and head to my office. Both Frank and Cash are waiting for me."Gentlemen. there is a lot to go over, so please let me explain things,and then I will answer questions." I tell them. I go over everything from the text messages between Janica and Star, the fact that Brent and Ronnie are dead. and the information that Chris shared. "Cash, I want you partnered with him for maybe the next month. we don't know what Jessie has up her sleeve, and the Alpha wants eyes on him, for backup and safety reasons." I tell him. "Do we know who killed Brent and Ronnie?" "I think the Alpha does, but he didn't share that with me, plus I believe he feels that the case on them is closed." I tell them. "But now there is another person of interest. Rodney Barns, the Alpha feels that he and Kirk are the other 2 mentioned in the text messages sent from Janica and Star." "So.if I am following all of this, Jessie had Brent, Ronnie. Kirk, and Rodney involved in Keska's stabbing?" Frank asked, “That is what the Alpha and I both believe. and then they were going to pin everything on Chris, he was the one that raised the alarm the day she was stabbed, bux instead.of linking me, or you Frank, he was told so link Kirk." A sold shem. "Somethinng isn't adding up Mitch." Етниk внys. "How so?" "A wos on the field that day training them, and the alarm cume oma makt-kiekd. tok com
the right side, where the four of them were training." He tells me.“Did you see who called the alarm?" I asked him. "No, unfortunately. I didn't, I was instructing Cory and Tomas on a new technique." He says. “So, Kirk could have taken a few steps towards the center of the field, raised the alarm. and used his wolf speed to get back into place before you turned to start instructing everyone." I tell him. “I want you to have a casual conversation with Kirk, listen to his voice, tone, inflection, anything that might spark the memory of what you heard and how you heard it.”I tell him. "You got it." He says.“That's it for now, but nothing leaves this office.Got it?" They both nod their heads to the affirmative. And we all go about our business.

~~~1

DRAKE: It's after dinner, and my phone rings. I check the caller ID and see that it's Alpha Lucas calling. “Hello Alpha Lucas, what can I do for you? Jessie hasn't caused any problems, has she?" "Not directly, she hasn't,but I have some information you need to hear to deal with her.”He tells me."Give me a couple of minutes before you continue. I need to get to my office."I tell him. I turn to Carla, take her hand, and pull her with me.And we go to my office. "I am going to put you on speaker, Alpha Lucas,Carla is with me." I tell him and hit the speaker icon.“Hello,Luna Carla.”"Hello, Alpha Lucas.""Now that the pleasantries are out of the way,what do you have for us, Alpha Lucas?" I ask him. "I recorded this, so I will do my best to play it for you. I did send a copy to your Beta and James, so if you don't catch everything, they will have it as well." HIe tells us.(“The person Dedi called the lady, the lady asked \[what and how\], then the lady asked \[what about the other two\], then the lady says \[let's hope it stays that way\], then the lady says \[I'm thinking that the kidnapping is the only way to go, there is a hunting cabin % mile from the north boarder that nobody uses anymore, just chloroform her and have one of the guys
watch to make sure she stays put until the ball is over and I leave with my mate\], then the lady says \[I have to be, I don't want to spend any more time around that snotty bitch than I have to\], and then the lady says \[go make sure the cabin is ready and nail the windows shut from the outside.\]) This conversation was overheard by one of my omega maids as she was going about her duties. She has PTSD, so this conversation upset her to the point of causing a panic attack. She is ok now, but we are keeping her away from Jessie." He tells us. “I am sorry that she had to go through that. I thank you for everything, Alpha Lucas,I hope that the graduation goes well." I tell him. “Is there any way you could send me a copy of that recording?" I ask him. "I will see what I can do." He says."Thank you again, and we look forward to seeing you at the ball in a week and a half." I tell him and say goodbye, and hang up.I link Mitchell. *"I need you to come to my office immediately!" “Yes Alpha."* I close the link. "What are youplanning on doing?" Carla asked me.“Not completely sure yet." I tell her. About a minute later, there is a knock on my door. “Come.” Mitch comes in. "You need to see me Alpha." “Yes, I just got a call from Alpha Lucas, it seems we are on the right track,and maybe a step or two ahead, but with what we learned from Chris earlier and with what I just heard from Alpha Lucas, it was definitely Jessie who orchestrated everything. “Do you know anyone closeto Marla and Dedi?Jessie's two friends, it has to be someone we can trust." I say to him."I don't, but I can ask some of the guys that I know I can trust." He tells me.“Good, do it, I want to know when they make contact again, if they do.They may not, as the Kids will be home on Saturday." I say, thinking aloud.“Alpha, do we know what happened to Brent and Ronnie?”He asked."Yes, sorry, I forgot to tell you. What I am going to saystays here.Keska got her wolf, she is supposedly some sort of hybrid. I do not know,as I have not seen her yet. It was her wolf that killed both of them, and ie js due to her hybrid form that they died the way they did." I tell him."But getting back to the issue of Jessie. I want you to go scout out the old
hunting shack up by the north boarder, try not to leave any tracks to close to the place, just watch the place and see if anyone goes there, and does any work on it of any kind." I tell him.“I will put a small team with Darius to watch the place." He says. I just nod. “Anything else, Alpha?" he asked.“Maybe keep an eye on Kirk and Rodney, if they have any interactions with Dedi or Marla." I tell him. “On it, anything else?”he asked. "No. I think that about covers everything." I say to him. “Just a couple of quick questions. if I may?" “Shoot."“I would like to tell Frank.he is my go-to, he should know, and how is it that Keska has her wolf?Isn't she too young?""That's fine but no one else, the Doc believes it's because of the trauma she has suffered, again this doesn't leave my office,but Jessie. and my mother both have rejected her as family, and she has accepted both rejections, plus my mother used her wolf claws on her.and then the stabbing." “Yes, Alpha." “Thanks Mitch. I'll let you get to it."I say as he leaves my office. I look< at my mate. "Let's head to bed, it's been a day, and I am exhausted." I tell her. She just nods. And we head to bed.
###Chapter63

MITCHELL: I link Frank. *"I know it's late, but meet me in my office."“Ok, do I need to get anyone?" “No. just you." “On my way.”* I close the link.When I walk into my office, Frank is already there.“So,what's up that it couldn't wait for tomorrow?" He asked me. "Again, what I tell you stays put." He nods in understanding. “First, Keska has her wolf.I know she's young but apparently, she has gone through some shit and with the stabbing it brought her wolf out, plus she is some kind of hybrid according to the Doc and the Alpha, and it was her wolf that killed Brent and Ronnie,case closed on those two." I tell him."I knew she went through something at Adrian's ceremony, she had abruise on her face on the way home.”“That came from the Alpha's mother more than likely." I tell him.“We need to come up with someone we can trust that can get close to Marla anad Dedi, the Alpha wants them watched, and we need to keep an eye on Kirk and Rodney to see if they interact with each other. Alpha Lucas called with some information that he thought the Alpha needed to have; I don't know, so don't ask." I said to him as I noticed he was going to ask the question."Alpha wants the old hunting cabin up by the north border watched, not to get too close, just watched, just to see who goes there and if they do any work on it." "Hopefully, we will get more information soon." I say. "We wiIl talk more in the morning. Get some rest.”He nods and leaves my office. And I go to my quarters and go to bed.


LIAM: Yesterday was Keska's birthday, neither mom nor dad got her anything. I like to do leather burning, so I made a few small trinkets she could put on her new quiver for her arrows. I know it's not much, but I made them, and she appreciated them. We basically have the rest of this week and next, then the ball, I am not looking forward to it, I really don't know what I will be doing for it. I know that I will have to be present to meet and greet everyone, but after that, I have no clue what I will be doing.
or how I will be helping, it's not like there will be anyone coming of my age to hang with. I will talk with Kes and see what she and Mackie will be doing. Maybe I can hang out with them. This year is going to be strange; it will be the first time that Lissa and I will celebrate our birthday without Jessie, that is, if Jessie finds her mate at the ball, and I really hope she does. It has been nice around here without her causing drama.


KESKA: I am up early as per my usual and head downstairs to help with breakfast prep and service. I notice Liam by the back door."Hey,little Bro.What's up?" I question him. "I am bored and wanted to talk to you about some stuff when you are done.” He says. "Ok, give me about 30 minutes.unless you want to help, you won't be bored then." “Sure, what do I do?”“Start with picking up the used dishes from the pack dining room and bring them into the kitchen for me." I tell him. “Ok." He heads out to the dining area to start his task. I start with rinsing the dishes that were used in the prep of breakfast and get them in the dishwasher,and I start washing the pots and pans that were used. When Liam comes in with a stack of dishes, I rinse them and put them in the washer. Once it's full, I start it. "Done," I tell him. I leave the rest for the kitchen staff to do."What do you want to talk to me about." I ask him. He grabs my hand and drags me out to the pool. "I want to know about this." He turns my hand over to show my scar. "I know you did something with Mackie, but I don't know what." He says. “Basically, we did a blood oath to each other."I told him. "Ok, but what does that even mean?" "It means that I and not Father,am Mackie's Alpha. Yes, we both still answer to Father,as he is the Alpha of this pack and we are both pack members, but she will always come to aid me before she would go to Father." I tell him. "Can we do that too?" he asked me. "Liam, are you sure? Once this is done, there is no going back from it. It's not like a rejection that can be undone by reaffirming and drinking from the ceremonial cup." I toll him. "I get it. E sfl want to do it, I don't have anythlng to look forward to, Lissa wl
probably be a Luna somewhere when the time comes, James is set to inherit this pack, so where does that leave me?" He asked. “You never know.you could get mated to an only daughter of an Alpha and take over that pack." I tell him. "Maybe, but I still want this." He says, brushing his thumb over my scar. "Tell you what, if after you turn 18 and you still feel the same, we will do it. ok?” “Ok.”“What else did you want to talk to me about?"“What are you going to be doing during the ball?" “What do you mean?”“During the week when everybody is here, what are you going to be doing?”“Well, if all goes well, Mackie and I are hoping to have jobs by then,so we will be doing that, and it will depend on what those hours are.And we still plan on doing our aikido classes." I tell him. “Can I come to?I mean, to your classes, maybe even join them?” “I don't mind, but you will have to do extra work around the pack to get the money, unless you are going to ask Father." “Plus, you have to remember they are human and don't know about us, so no full strength in class." I tell him."No.I don't want to ask Father, but if it's just mne doing the extra work, do I have to split the money?”"Maybe talk with Betsy, she may want to do extra stuff too, so than you both can still do the work together." I tell him.“Ok,I will talk to her on Saturday when we are scheduled to do our rounds." He says. “What are you going to do now?" he asked."I hope Mackie and I can have a driving lesson from Stephen." I tell him."Mind if I tag along for the ride?" He smiles at his own pun, and I can't help but chuckle at him. I link Mackie. *"Do you mind if Liam hangs with us today?""As long as he doesn't distract us when we are in our lessons I don't care." “Ok, I will see you in a bit.”*I close the link. I feel the push of a different link, so I open it. *"Keska, where are you?” “Out back by the pool with Liam."“Is there anyone else around?"* I look around to see if there is anyone near the pool. *"Just us." "Your father and I are on our way so don't go anywhere until we get there."* "Who was it?" Liam asked."Mom, and she is on her way with Father." "Why?” “Probably because they want to see my wolf, so now you know a secret and you need to keep
it, Nana, Mackie, Mom, Father, and the Doc know, I do plan on telling Adrain soon, but nobody else knows, well, as far as I know." I tell him. “Wow,you have your wolf, that is so cool." I just give him a half smile.If he understood what that actually meant, I don't think he would think it EL was cool. I go into the changing area and strip out of my clothes, shift into Corla, and come out. The look on Liam's face is priceless, I wish I could have a picture of it. “WOW!” he says. {Yes.} \[*Corla, please don't nip him yet. I do want him to be immune, but not right now, ok?\] \[Ok.\]*“Hey, you talk?" (Yes), then we hear a noise behind us. Corla steps in front of Liam in a protective stance and lets out a low growl. Both of our parents stood there. "Calm down, we're not going to hurt you or him."Father says. Corla sits down then. "Dad, she talks!" Liam said with excitement in his voice.
###Chapter64

DRAKE:“How is it that you can speak?" I ask her. {I access her vocal cords and speak.) She sounds growly. like she is talking around a mouth full of a marbles. it's like listening to Scooby doo. “Can you phase for me?"She stands. she is a large red wolf. and she has a shimmery, watery outline to her body. a cross between ripples on the surface of a pond and the heat coming off the highway on a hot summer day. Her body shimmers, ripples,then disappears and reappears on the other side of the pool, and then she comes back the same way. "Thank you, can you tell me about Brent and Ronnie?” I asked her. {Ice, choked, held for ashes, to stab.} she stated.“Do you think that you could phase from inside a locked building?"I asked her {Don't know, never tried.) she stated. "Would you try. please?"{Sure), We Walk over to the changing area for the pool. I open the door for her to walk in, and I close and lock the door behind her."Any time you are ready." I tell her. The next thing I hear is Liam squeal and a splash. I turn to see both of them in the pool. Well, I guess that answers that question. "Not fair, now I have to go change." Liam tells her. As I watch, she changes the water, and Liam is now standing back on the pool deck and almost dry. "How did you do that?" he asked her. (I am water, I can change and command it.) shesays. {Just like I can command and change fire.| she says. {Is there anything else you wish to know, Father?}She asked,“Please tell us your name. I know Keska told us, but I would like a formal introduction from you, please." I tell her. (I am Corla.} she says in her growly voice. "Thank you." I say to her. {Welcome] she says as she bows her head. Both Carla and I reach out to stroke her fur, she is softer than anything I have ever felt. "We'll leave you to your day then."I tell them as I head back to my office."After you shift back and get dressed,Keska,I have the invitations that need to go in the mail. I would like it if you would take them to the post office for me." I heard Carla ask her.
KESKA: Corla just nodded at her and went back into the changing area,and pushed me back. I got dressed and came back out. Ruffled Liam's hair, and we grabbed the invitations from Mom and headed out front. I linked Stephen. *“Do you have time for a driving lesson now?" “Let me check with Miss Lilly.".... “I will be there in under 5 minutes." “Thank you."* I linked Mackie. *"Stephen will be here in under 5 minutes."“On my way."*I close the link.

~~~1

MITCHELL: I was up by 6:30 and in my office by 7. I linked Darius,*“I need you to come to my office, please." “On my way."* I'm only waiting about 3 minutes, and Darius comes in. "What's up?” “I need you to take 3others, not Kirk nor Rodney, but seasoned guys that will follow orders,you guys will be doing a bit of recon for the Alpha and me. I am not supposed to say this, but I know I can trust you. We know what happened to Brent and Ronnie. I can't say what, how. or who,so please don't ask. just know they were involved in Keska's stabbing,so that they got their justice. You will be working in teams of two, two on two off, I don't care how you set it up, but you will be watching the cabin up near the north border, starting today. Get as close to the cabin to observe it, but do not leave a scent or prints close to it. We have information that it maybe used in a kidnapping attempt, and we want to see who all may be involved." I tell him. “You think Kirk and Rodney are part of what happened?" he asked me."Among a few others, that's why we want you to watch that cabin, take note, time of day or night, and who,you will probably be on this for a month, hopefully less, but just as a precaution,we are saying a month.""I will need to know who you pick so I can take them out of rotation on guard duty." I tell him. “Won't that look suspicious to the others?" He asked, "I will just say that they have a special assignment from the Alpha to help with the security of the pack for
the ball." "That will work. I will take Clay, Brody, and Pete." He tells me.“Good. I will get them removed from the roster rotation." I open a link to the three men. *"Clay, Brody. Pete, please come to my office,”“Yes,sir.”*I get back from all of them. It only takes a couple of minutes, and all three of them come walking into my office. "Thank you for being prompted.you three. along with Darius, will be on special assignment for the Alpha.Starting immediately,you four will be watching the hunting cabin at the north border. I want detailed notes of anyone who goes near that cabin.what they do, what you may overhear, but you have to stay out of sight and stay downwind of the cabin at all times. No one must suspect that you are there. Take pictures as well for documentation and proof of anyone that goes near the place, do not interfere with them, just watch and document. Understood?" “Yes, sir.” I get from them.“Darius will fill you in on the rest, but please don't question him on his orders. Is that clear?"I ask them "Yes sir." They answer. "Good dismissed." "Just one more thing, does anyone know anybody that can betrusted that can help with an issue dealing with Marla and Dedi, Jessie's two friends?" I asked them.“My sister is not a fan of either of them. They blamed her for some stuff in school that they pulled, and she is still looking to get them back." Clay answers.“What's your sister's name?” “Tara.” “Please link her and have her meet me at the Alpha's office in 10 minutes," I tell him. “Ok.” I watch as his eyes glaze over, soI know he is doing what I asked him.“Thank you,dismissed." I watch as they leave my office. I then link the Alpha. *“Alpha, sorry to disturb you, but I have someone meeting me at your office in about 10 minutes. I think she will be able to help with the Marla Dedi issue.”"Good, I will be waiting."* I closed the link. Anad head out. I get to the Alpha's office and knock. "Come." He calls out. I go in.
###Chapter65

DRAKE: “Moring Mitch. What do you have to report?" "Well I got the men set up with Darius. they should be heading out as we speak, I told them that it would be two on two off and if they want to mix it up or how they want to handle it was up to them, but that it was secret. The cover story for them being off the roster is that they are helping to deal with security logistics for the ball." I tell him. "Good. Now what about the Marla Dedi issue?"“Clay's sister wants a bit of revenge on them for blaming her for something they did in school, what? I don't know. we will have to get that from her." "Hopefully, they won't suspect her if there is bad blood between them." I say to him. "We will just have to wait and get the story from her." He tells me. There is a knock on my door. “Come." I call out. The door opens, and a girl about James and Jessie's age is standing in the doorway. She is about 5'7" with ash blond hair and slate blue eyes, rather pretty.“Come in." I tell her."Alpha, Delta. My brother Clay said I should come to your office. Am I in trouble?" She asked as she entered my office. "No sweet girl, just the opposite. I heard you had some trouble with a couple of girls in school. I would like you to tell me about it.”I tell her. "Oh, ok, the P.E. teacher picks a person to be their helper every two weeks, so every two weeks it's someone new. not everyone gets picked, but pretty much most of the class does. I was picked.and I guess Marla and Dedi didn't think that I should have been, because every time we would have team sports indoors they would have someone distract me with a bunch of questions and they would mess with the score board. they would subtract 1 or 2 points from the team they were rooting for. add 4-5points to the opposite team and then tell the teacher I was cheating for the team that was ahead and so the points would be removed and given to the other team. I got in trouble with the teacher and lost my place as helper and got a D for a grade for the 2 weeks I was supposed to be the helper for,which in turn brought my total grade down to a C." She tells us."Do
you have proof of what you just told us?" I asked her.“You can verify it with a couple of my friends, after the second time it happened, I asked them to watch the score table, not the game. They made sure that they were on opposite sides and subs for the players." She tells us. Smart girl, I think to myself. "I will check your story with your friends, and if true,I will get your grade changed, but I need your help with an issue regarding Marla and Dedi. Do you think you can help?" I asked her."I will do my best. Alpha. What is it you need me to do?" "I will need you to get close to them, make them think you are one of them, get them to trust you,so that they talk to you." I tell her. “I should be able to do that, they don't know I know what they did, so I should be able to worm my way in."“I would like to let my parents and a couple of my friends know, so they don't get mad at me." She says."Are they the same friends I will need to talk to, to verify your story?" I asked her. She just nods her head.“You may indeed tell your parents, but I will tell your friends when I talk to them to verify what happened in school. Just write down their names, and I will make sure they understand that you are helping me with an issue regarding them." I hand her a piece of paper and a pen. She writes down her friends' names and numbers. "Please tell your parents that what you are doing is secret, and the fewer people who know, the better. We are trying to catch them and punish them." I tell her as I reach for the paper,she hands it back to me. I read the names she has written down.(May Thorsen and Julie Haff.) "Thank you." I say to her. “Thank you,Alpha."She says to me."You may go." I nod my head to her. She leaves my office."We need to know if Jessie was part of this issue as well." I say to Mitch.He just nods. "Well, I have two interviews to conduct, so I will let you get back to it."I tell him. "Alpha." He says as he heads out the door.

KESKA: After driving to the post office and mailing the invitations, we talk Stephen into letting us drive to the human town where Mackie and I go to the local restaurant and grab a couple of applications to fill out when
we get home. This fits the bill perfectly, they are looking for a dish washer.and a bus person. Mackie and I can do either one no problem. The rest of the week fell into a routine of driving lessons, Aikido classes,running the obstacle course, and the archery range. It was nice not having Jessie around and having to walk on eggshells around her. We couldn't get our driving test scheduled until Wednesday of next week, so we just kept up with our lessons. That Saturday, James, Jessie, Star, Wyatt, and Beta Gregg came home, and things sort of went back to me being on guard around Jessie all the time.


DRAKE: I have all the pieces in place. Before the kids get home, the cabin is being watched. Tara is in place hanging out with Marla and Dedi,and Jessie now that she is home. Marla and Dedi met up with Kirk and Rodney a couple of times. The 5 of them went to the cabin, and the report I got was that they made Tara and Rodney nail the windows shut. Now we just wait and watch to see who does what so we can catch them in the act, and punish them accordingly, that is, if Corla lets us punish them before she takes matters into her own mouth, so to speak. I link Keska. *Please come to my office." “Yes, Father."* I close the link.


KESKA: I was hanging out with Mackieand Liam at Nana's, running the obstacle course,when I got the link from Father. "I have to go." I tellthem."Where?” Liam asked, "Father wants to see me." I say. “You didn't do anything." Mackie says. “Yes, but with Jessie home, who knows what I got blamed for." I say. "I don't think Dad would do that to you anymore."Liam says."That has yet to be proven, but I can't keep him waiting.I'll be back, unless he decides I need to be put in the cells."
###Chapter66

KESKA: I say and head to the pack house. I head straight to his office and knock. "Come." I open the door and walk into his office. Beta Gregg is there as well."May I ask what I have been accused of?" I ask as I enter."Nothing." Father answers. "Then why am I here?" I asked with a skeptical tone in my voice. "There are some things that I want you to be aware of, and I want Corla not to overreact if something should happen."Father says. I definitely don't like the sound of this. "I can't speak for her.”I tell him. "Then let me speak to her." He says. \[Corla, Father wishes to speak to you.\] I tell her. (What do you wish to speak to me about?) she asked. We both noticed the Beta jump a little. Which brought Corla's attention to him. She just watched him intently for a few minutes. "Corla,both James and Jessie will be shifting this coming week, and there are some things you need to know about. First: I know Jessie is planning something, what that something is, I do not know fully, but what you need to know is that I have people in place to catch her, so please do not bite her. Second: We know she has some people helping her, one of them is helping us to catch her, so again, please no biting." He tells her. (I am just supposed to let them do whatever they are planning?| She scoffed at him. \[Corla!\] I scold her, \[He is still Alpha, we need to respect that,even if we don't respect him.\] I tell her. (Sorry Alpha.) she says.“No.not directly, I just don't want you to kill them, they have to be punished in front of the whole pack, so that everyone knows what they did, and that we don't and won't tolerate it." He says with a bit of harshness in his voice. {I have a solution, let Keska stay at Nana's and go to work at the human restaurant, that way she is away from Jessie and everything that she might pul1.) “I didn't know she wanted to work in the human town.”Father says in surprise. \[Thanks, Corla, we weren't going to tell him that.\] I tell her. \[WVhy not tell him, he will know eventually,\] she tells me.{Keska will defendI herself against anyone who tries to hurt her. She will
use her Aikido skills, I will help, but I will not kill anyone, but I will not let them take her either.| She tells Father. {But, with that being said, what will happen to Jessie?| She asked Father."She will be publicly punished,as will the others." He tells her. (I don't much care about the public aspect 公 of it, as long as SHE does get punished this time.) She tells him. She turns to look at Beta Gregg. (You're awfully quiet.} She says to him. “I'm just surprised." He says. (Surprised about what?") “That you are here.”{Honest, at least. What's your take on all this?) She asked him. "I don't know what to think, it's a lot to takein. Your father filled me in on Brent and Ronnie, and how they were found, that's a bit intimidating to say the least." He says to her. {It was meant to be. Left as a warning and a message to others, we will retaliate if we are hurt.} She says. We watch a shutter go through him. (But it does not answer the question.} She says.“I think that when we catch them, the public punishment that Jessie will get is fair, and for the guys, depending on their involvement in your stabbing, public execution is fair." (Do you think that public humiliation will work on Jessie? Or will it just make her worse?) She asked. “That's a hard call." (True, but if you don't have the right punishment for her,she won't change.) She tells them. "She has a point." Beta Gregg says,looking at Father."Corla, can you phase Keska?" Father asked. (Don't know,haven't tried.] “Please try, take her across the room." I felt a strange rippling across my skin, and everything went blurry like looking at everything as if I was under water, and then I was across the room from them, next to the conference table. Guess that answers that question.) she says and phases back. "WHAT ARE YOU?” Beta Gregg asked with a touch of fear in his voice. (Phase wolf.) She answers like it's the most natural thing in the world, but he seems shaken by it.

KESKA: (Have I answered all your questions and satisfied your curiosity?she asked father. "Yes, at least for the time being." He says. |Good. Bye.}and she recedes to the back of my mind. "Is there anything else,Father?
I asked. "No, but Keska, don't give us away to the humans." He says."I will be careful." I tell him. And leave his office.


DRAKE: “Gregg, are you ok?” I ask him. “I need a drink." He says. I get up and pour him a shot of good scotch. It's not anything that can get a wolf drunk by any means, but it can steady the nerves. I walk over and hand it to him. "What's wrong?" I ask him. “You didn't tell me she could do all that. And if she did kill Brent and Ronnie, the way you say,she is dangerous.""And what exactly is a phase wolf?" he asked me."She is not dangerous, it's Keska after all, and I don't know exactly, we would have to talk to Lilly, she would probably know more about that, her mate was a phase elemental." I tell him.

KESKA: The rest of the week flew by; the phone was ringing almost nonstop with everyone calling to RSVP for the ball, as there was no time to send it back through the mail. Wednesday night, after dinner, I called Adrian. "Hey Cuz, I know you don't recognize this number, but it's Keska and this is my new number, please call me when you get this." And I hung up to wait for his call back. I only had to wait maybe 5 minutes or so. I answered right away. "Hey, Adrian." “Hey, Sweets, what's up?"“Is Kina with you?" I asked,"Yes." “Please put me on speaker, I only want to say this once, and just know that not everyone here knows this yet,and Nana Lilly wants to keep it to a minimum. At least for the time being."I say."Ok, is there anyone else that you want to hear this?" He asked.“I don't mind Rex knowing, but that is all." I say. “Kina is linking him, so hold on." He tells me. “Ok, just let me know when he's there.”“Speaking of Kina, how is she, and when is she due?"I asked. "She has about another 10-10 1/2weeks left." Adrian says. "Ok, Keska, Rex is here." I hear Kina say. "Hi, Rex.” “Hi, Keska." "So, as I told Kina and Adrian, please keep what you are about to hear a secret." "I can do that.""I have my wolf, I am a hybrid, I'm what Nana calls a Phase wolf, but to be more
specific, I am an elemental phase wolf, what exactly that means I can't say as I don't really know myself." I tell them."Keska I'm happy for you that you got your wolf, but I know you went through some shit to have her so early." Adrian says. "Thank you. Adrian. I will let you see her when you come for the ball, but we will have to do it at Nana's." I tell them.“We look forward to it. But we have to get going, sweets, we have warriors to sort and wolves to pick for the ball." He tells me. "Love you, bye."“Love you too, bye." We both hung up.

CARLA: I have been fielding calls left and right about the ball. I honestly thought that the instructions were clear. But I guess some peoples idea of mated guards doesn't seem to match what those words actually say.
###Chapter67

CARLA: I was getting the same question, Why mated guards? Why mated guards? Why mated guards indeed, because when you first find your mate,the bond can be overwhelming, and a newly mated guard will not have their head on straight, they wil want to mark and mate with his or her mate instead of making sure the pack is secure against rogue attacks.I have seen it happen way too many times, which is why the royal decree states mated guards to accompany those who attend the ball. BuIt no one has declined the invitation, so we will be at full capacity for the ball. That can be both a blessing and a curse at the same time. There is the best chance for many mates, but at the same time, more chances for trouble,as well. I have also been adding to the food list with every new call to ensure we have enough to go around. Per my calculations that will be 168 extra guards 12 from each pack and we invited 14 packs, plus 336 unmated wolves, again 12 each male and female, from 14 packs, and then the unmated ranked wolves from each pack which I have to sit down and count out from my notes but just ruffly we will have an extra 540 people here. So that is a lot of extra food to feed everyone, the accounts are going to take a hit this year.

DRAKE: Friday morning, after breakfast, the first of our guests arrives.Adrian, Kina,and Rex, with their 36 pack members. The family greeted them on the front of the pack house steps. "Adrian, Kina, good to see you again, Rex." I shake hands with them, and then they all give the kids hugs."Mitchell will take the guards and get them settled. And Marie will show the others to their rooms." I tell them. “Keska will show you three,your rooms. I tell them. The rest of the morning and early afternoon went the same way, I had the kids taking turns showing the Alphas, Lunas, and higher ranks to their rooms. While Mitchell dealt with the guards and Marie, one of our omegas showed the rest to their rooms. Tonight will be
the first dressier party, as the meet and greet. And Wednesday will be the second, as that is actually the twins' birthday. The last to arrive were the Royals. I'm not going to lie, it was a bit intimidating having them here,but they were very respectful when meeting the family. I just hope that all goes well. and Jessie behaves, so we don't have any major or embarrassing issues.


JESSIE: I only get one shot at getting rid of Kes. And I have to make it count. I have Kirk and Rodney on the roster for guard duty for the meet and greet for tonight. I know she will try to put herself in the kitchen to help. so it should be a bit easier to grab her from there as she is coming and going, setting food out. I got Tara to steal a bottle of chloroform from the clinic for the guys to have. After tonight I won't have to see her or put up with her, the ugly bitch.

KESKA: After greeting all the guests, I felt a bit antsy again \[Corla, what's going on?\] I ask her. \[Don't know, maybe all the extra energy and excitement around the Ball.\] she says. \[I want Adrian, Kina, and Rex to meet you.\] I tell her. \[And Camron to if he wants.\] I tell her. \[Anyone you want immune?\] She asks me. \[Adrian, I would also like Kina to be,but we can't because she is pregnant. I guess the other two would be up to them.\] I tell her. \[Do you know where they put Alpha Camron?\] she asked \[I am not 100% sure, but I can find out easily enough.\] I tell her.\[Well, let's get this show on the road.\] she tells me. I link Mackie.*“You busy?”"No,why?""Meet me at Nana's in about 10 minutes.If all goes well, I am going to shift and show Corla to Adrian, Kina, Rex, and Camron if he wants to see her." “You are taking a risk showing her to so many people." "I know, but I believe I can trust them. Besides, Father had her phase me in front of the beta, and I don't know that he will actually keep his mouth shut." “I'll be there."* I open a link to Liam. **I am going to go to Nana's in about 10 minutes want to join me?" “Sure, I'm in."*I
open a link to Nana. *“Nana, please don't get upset with me, but I want to show Corla to Adrian, Kina, Rex, and Alpha Camron if he is open to it.But we have to do it at your house.""How could I be upset with you,sweet child? Bring them here when you are ready." “In 10 minutes?"“That is fine." “Thank you, Nana, love you." “Love you too."* I close the link and call Adrian. His phone rings a couple of times, and he picks up.“Hey Keska, what's up?" “I talked to Nana, and if you can get Rex and Kina and meet me there in about 10 minutes, I will show you what we talked about earlier on the phone."I tell him."I will make sure we are there." He tells me, and we hang up. I then link Marie; she has the list of all the rooms where all the Alphas are staying.*“Marie, can you please tell me what room Alpha Camron is in?""He is in one of the guest suites on the second floor by your father's office." "Thank you."* I close the link and head to his room. I knock on his door.

CAMRON: I hear a knock on my door, it's before lunch, and I didn't order any service."Who is it." I call out. "Keska." Comes the answer. I open the door to see her standing there in a pretty sundress that complements her hair color."Hello, come in, what can I do for you?" “I would like to share a secret with you, but not here, I can't say much, but if you are interested,please come to Nana's with me." She says. "May I bring Chase? He loves your Nana.""Do you trust him to keep his mouth shut? I don't mean to be harsh, but very few people are privy to what you will learn, and the fewer the better as of now, when the time is right, more will know, but right now the number is small." She tells me. "Chase." I call out to him,“Yes, Alpha.""I need you to come with me, and I also need you to keep what you see and hear to yourself. Can you do that without me having to Alpha command you?" I asked him. “Yes, Alpha.” I turn back to Keska."You have your answer." I said, “I take it that you are interested in this,then?”"Yes, Keska, I am." “Thank you, please come with me then,"I turn.to Chase, "We are going to your favorite person's home. So, let's go." I tell
him. He just smiles like a kid who was told he gets his favorite toy. We both follow her out and down to the front of the house, we walk across the paved drive and over to the copse of trees, and follow a path that brings us right to Miss Lilly's backyard.

KESKA: I lead Alpha Camron and his guard, Chase,to Nana's house.“Nana. I'm here." I call out as we enter the backyard. I see Mackie, Nana.Liam, Adrian. Kina, and Rex come from inside the house, followed by Stephen.“Dear,I had Stephen put up a divider over on the side of the house for you to change behind." Nana says. "Thank you Nana." I say and head to the side of the house.
###Chapter68

I step behind the divider, undress, and change into Corla. We come out and walk to the backyard, where everyone is waiting.


LILLY:“Corla,I would also like to invite two more people to this intimate gathering you put together." (Who would that be?) She asked me. “Keska's great-uncle and his Beta," I tell her. {I am ashamed that we did not think of them. We must apologize to them when they arrive./ she says. I link Carson and Calen, *"I need the two of you to come to my home,it's important.""On my way.""I will be there in under 5 minutes."* I get the response from them. "They are on their way." I tell her. She nods her head.I watch as she goes to each person in the group so they can touch her, get a sense of and about her. She nuzzles Liam, almost knocking him over. "Hey, come on, don't knock me over." He tells her. I hear a car door close out front, anid I send Stephen to check and make sure it's our invited guest and not someone being nosy. He came back with Carson and Calen.


KESKA/CORLA: We turn as we smell two more people come in from behind us. We immediately go to nuzzle Uncle Carson. |We are sorry that we did not tell you about us sooner.) “Thank you, but who are you and how is it that you speak?" He asked. (I am Corla, I am Keska's wolf.) She tells him."How is it that you are here?" he asked. |Come, everyone, please gather. He is asking questions that I am sure you all have. I will answer as best as I can, but I only wish to answer the same question once and not repeat myself. I am a hybrid, as Nana says, a phase elemental wolf,what that is, I am not sure, as I think I am the only one of my kind. I do not wish to scare anyone, but I know I can control both the elements of fire and water.) She turns to Adrian, (When Keska called you and told you she had been stabbed, I am the one who killed the ones responsible.I turned one into an ice statue, I turned the other one into a pile of ashes,
they both got what they deserved for hurting us.| she says to them. She turns to Camron (Keska respects you; do you have questions?| she asked him."How is it that you can speak? I know he asked that, but you haven't answered it yet." (I access her vocal cords and use them the same way your wolf speaks through you.} |If I may, I would like to make the acquaintance of your wolf as well.) We watch as his eyes glaze over.“I will not shift. as that would be disrespectful to the Alpha here, without his permission,but Cereus is pleased that you would like to meet him." We watch as his eyes turn dark, and we hear a deep, gravelly voice (Hello Corla. I am pleased to make your acquaintance.) He says. (I thank you for agreeing to meet me.} She slowly walks towards Camron, and takes a deep breath in taking in his scent. And then nods her head at him. Camron reaches out and pets her. (How is it that you are this soft?) Cereus asked.{I think that it has something to do with the water and maybe the phasing.Other than that, I am unsure.) she answers back. She then goes to Adrian.{Cousin, I would like to meet Coros as well if I may.} "I, too, will not shift as a sign of respect to uncle, but Coros does want to meet you." And we watch as his eyes turn dark. (Hello cousin, I am sorry that you had to go through the pain that brought you to us this early, but we are happy you are here.) (One day soon, I hope to run with you.) she tells him.(And I.with you as well.) He tells her.“Who all knows about you, Corla? I don't want to misspeak in front of someone." Uncle asked. (Other than those present here, the Dr., Beta Gregg, though he has not actually seen me,he knows, Mom and Father, and that's it.| She says |There is a reason to please keep it quiet,) She says as she makes her way over to Kina and sits down by her. (Father believes that Jessie is going to try and pull something soon, and if she knows, then she may not, or she may try to change what her group is planning. Father says that if they do catch her.she will be punished, and I want that more than anything else, but I also want her to change. Right now, she would not be a good anything, andit is very possible she may become a luna somewhere. I would not want her
rejected by any means, but she needs to learn a lesson in humility if she is to be good at anything.| She tells everyone present.

LILLY:“I know that she will want to make some of you immune to her bite. I happen to know that on top of her controlling, fire and water, let's clear some things up about that, she controls them, she cannot conjure them, like a whitch, so if there is a bond fire and it gets out of control she can stop it, she can reduce the damage done by a flood. She also has poison, and yes, it can be deadly. but if she just nips you.you will become ill and then immune to it. I have made up some herb bundles for those she nips. It will help minimize the downtime you will have. Kina,although she wants you to be immune, she will not nip you as you are with pup. I know you did not want that to get out just yet, so to the rest of you, that is another secret to keep. Liam, Mackie,she will nip you after the ball so that you will have time to recover and not have to do much until you are better. To those she does nip, it will probably be towards the time you leave, as then you will be home when you are feeling sick." “So please stop by here before you head out to go home, and I will give you enough herbs fora week of tea to be made, twice a day for the week, and that should beenough to get you through. Once you are well, you can have your doctor's draw your blood and make the anti-venom from it."I tell them.


KESKA/CORLA: We get up from sitting beside Kina and take a good,long look at the obstacle course, then we turn and look at Nana. She nods. And we take off at a run and hit the course in wolf form. When it comes to the jumps, we phase, and we can get higher and go farther than if I did it normally. We did it faster than normal as well. Then both Adrian and Camron took a shot at it, then Chase, Mackie, and Liam all took their turns、Mackie and Liam beat the times of the others, but they have been doing it longer."We needto incorporate an obstacle course in our training of the
warriors." Both Adrian and Camron said after they ran it. I get a push in my head,so I open the link. *"Where are you?"* I get from Father.*"I am at Nana's with Adrian, Kina, Alpha Camron, his guard Chase, Liam,Mackie,Uncle Carson, and his Beta Calen. We are having a bit of fun with the obstacle course."* I tell him. *"Of course you are. It's time for lunch, so bring everyone with you and come to the pack house." “Yes, Father.”* (“It's time for lunch. Father wants everyone to head to the pack house."} This time I am speaking through Corla; it is strange to say the least. Then we head to the side of the house and step behind the divider, and I feel the now familiar push, and I am back to me, and get redressed and head back to the back yard and head up to the pack house. Uncle and his Beta drive.but the rest of us walk through the copse of trees and then cross the drive.
###Chapter69

KESKA/CORLA: and into the house. Mackie and I start heading into the kitchen to start helping right away when we get in. As we pass the dining hall. I see three of the most handsome guys I have ever seen in my life.They stand a head above everyone else. I believe that they are the Lycan princes.but I have to go.

1~~~1

TREVER: I am the youngest of my three brothers, I am a prince of the Royal Lycan family, My older brothers, myself and my best friend Dutch (He is third born in his family of Gamma's.) were sent to this mating ball by our parents in hopes that we would find our mates, and they said that it was only polite that we come as thisis Lilly's pack and we need to show our respect, and then if Barett did find his mate, they could step down and let my brother take over, as he is the oldest at 22.Then Trent at 20, and me at 18. I am hoping that both of my brothers find their mates.That will leave me free and clear to travel, I just want to see the world.experience the different cultures and flavors the world has to offer. I have been on edge, though, since we got here. I keep smelling a hint of mint chocolate coffee, and it's driving me crazy. Every time I try to follow it, it seems like I am just a little too late to see who or what has that mouthwatering smell; it's frustrating.

BARETT: I am feeling on edge, and have been since we got here. My beast won't settle, and it is making me edgy and cranky. I go find the Alpha of the pack. "Alpha Drake, I am in need of a run. I was wondering where I might go." I asked him. "Of course, your highness,we have a rather large wood, and a small lake that you may find peaceful.Just head back towards the gate you entered wwhen you arrived and follow it west and south," He teIls me, "Thank you." I link my brothers. "I am going fOF
a run, you both are welcome to join me, but I need to take the edge off before the Meet and Greet tonight. I will be back before lunch. I tell them.“I'm going with you; my beast won't stop pacing." Trent sends back.“My brother Trent will be joining me." I tell Alpha Drake. "I have linked the head guard to let him know that you will be running, and he has informed the rest. so you should be fine and not be interrupted." HIe tells me. "Thank you." Just then, Trent appears at my side. We head out the front door of the pack house and in the direction the Alpha gave us, as we get near the gate I see a tall wolf, rather muscular, with brownish hair and honey-colored eyes,strong masculine features with an air about him that says he doesn't take shit from anyone. I can respect that.“Your highnesses.I have a backpack for you, and you can change over there." He says.pointing to the side of a large rectangular-looking building. “Thank you,and you are?" I asked him. "I'm Mitchell, the head warrior here at Blue Crescent Pack." He says calmly. “Nice to make your acquaintance, Mitchell.I hope that our guards are fitting in and not causing any problems." I say to him. “Better than some, your highness." He says,“But it's nothing I can't put to rights." He tells me. “We will be back before lunch." I tell him.He nods. We go to the side of the building strip,change,and head out.


TREVER: I get the link from my brother, but I opt out of the run. I just kind of want to explore the grounds and see if I can't find that delicious smel1. I link Dutch to see if he wants to join me. We see a lot of Alpha apparents about and chatting among themselves. I overhear just a bit of a conversation between two girls. I stop, as does Dutch. “Do they know yet who stabbed her?" The girl with ash blond hair asked, "Apparently they do,and they were punished." The girl with darker hair answered. "Was Jessie behind it?" The ash blond asked,“That I don't know, they haven't said anything." The other girl answered. (1 wonder who got stabbed, and wasn't Jessie one of the twins? There is a mnystery here for sure, but it's not my business to get involved in.) I thought to myself. We continue to
walk around the grounds exploring, and come across a door that looks to open into nowhere, so I open it, and surprise, it's a garden, we go in. It is set up like one of those meditation mazes. Only this is with flower beds and not hedges, it helps to ease my beast somewhat, so I just wander through it. Until the call for luanch comes. I link my brothers to see if they are back yet. *"They just called for lunch, are you back yet?" "Yes, we are just coming in now. Where are you?" “In the garden maze, it's inside the square.""What?"“Just look around,you will see doors that seem to open to nothing, open one."* I hear the door opening and turn to see my brothers entering the garden. "Wow, this is nice." Trent says."We may have to figure out how to incorporate something like this at the palace."Barett adds. I nod. We all leave the garden and head upstairs to freshen up and get ready for lunch.

DRAKE: As lunch gets underway, I see Keska in her usual place helping in the kitchen like sheis a common omega. I shake my head, I go get her and Mackinzie, and put them in the dining room to eat with the rest of the families and our guests. I clink my glass to get everyone's attention.“Attention Please! Attention, I just want to thank you all for coming to celebrate the mating ball and my first set of twins' 18 birthday, I know that most of you have traveled from a greatdistance, so we have left the afternoon open so you may rest before the Meet and Greet tonight, the festivities will start at 7:0'clock tonight dinner will be buffet style. Again,thank you for coming, and may the goddess bless you with finding your mates. Enjoy lunch." I then sit down as a signal for everyone to go ahead and eat.


TREVER: I am watching the Alpha as he enters what appears to be the kitchen and comes out with two girls marching in front of him, and then it hits me that wonderful smell of mint chocolate coffee, I hear my beast say mate in my head. Oh great. I link my brother. *"Barett I have a problem.
the girl the Alpha just came out of the kitchen with is my mate."“Which one?”“The one that takes after Marsh." "She does, doesn't she. must be related to Lilly." "Not the point. she's not 18 yet. And she is sitting with the Alpha's family. I don't recall her being there when we met everyone."*I say through the link. *"He did say one of his kids was showing another guest to their room, so it had to be her."* Barett tells me. *"Damn and the full moon is tonight as well, we will have to talk to the Alpha." “And just what do we say. we can't take her, she has at least one, if not two,years to go before she is 18. It's going to drive me nuts if I can't have her close to me.""Calm down, little bro, we will figure something out."* I nod my head. Then I get a link from Dutch, *“The girl that came out with the Alpha, and is sitting with the Gamma family, is my mate.""Welcome to the nightmare, the other one is my mate. And I believe that they are both underage.so we are going to have to suffer and wait for them."* I send back to him. He groans, and I nod my head.
###Chapter70
KESKA:After lunch was over and people started to disperse, Mackie and I began to help with cleaning up and getting the dishes into the kitchen.We made sure that the dishwasher stayed full and running until all the dishes were done, and helped with the logistics for the buffet set up for tonight.Mackie and I went out to the marquee to see how it was being set up so we could do up the dagram on where everything would go on the tables,the hot dishes vs the cold dishes, and the sweet desserts. After getting that done, we went to my room for a nap, we knew it was going to be a long night, at least mom and father were smart enough to make it a no casual hook ups before finding your actual mate, yes the Pack house is sound proofed but not every building was.

BARETT: After lunch was done, I approached the Alpha. "I would like to speak with you in private if I may." "Of course, your highness, please come to my office." I had received a second link from my brother to let me know that the other girl was Dutch's mate. I follow him upstairs, and halfway down a hallway, he opens the interior door, and we walk into his office. Right away, I noticed the windows looked down on the garden we were in earlier. “Please have a seat." He waves his hand at the chairs in front of his desk. I sit in the first one. "What may I do for you?" He asked me."I would like to know how old the two girls are who came out of the,I believeit was the kitchen? With you are." I said, “Ah, yes, Keska and her best friend Mackinze, Keska just turned 16, and I believe Mackie will turn 16 next month. Why do you ask?" "You know that we are Lycans, and as such, when we turn 18, we will know our mates when we meet them, no matter what their age is. Both girls are mates to my youngest brother and his best friend, Dutch. I just need to know how long they would have to wait before they could claim them." I told him. He blanched visibly, "Two more years," He says in almost a whisper. "Thank you. You needn't worry.
the boys will be perfect gentlemen with them. And they will wait. as I don't believe that either one of them wants to deal with Marsh." I tell him."Who is Marsh?" he asked me."Marsh is Lilly's cousin twice removed,but he still knows the family secret of how to kill one of us, so he does get all the respect he deserves." I tell him. He nods his head. "But I have taken enough of your time. I will go back to my room now and rest before the festivities tonight." I see his eyes glaze over. and a knock comes at the door.“Stacy will show you back to your room,your highness." I nod and leave his office and follow the omega.

BARETT: Once back in my room, I link my little brother. *"Trever, her name is Keska, the other one's name is Mackinze, and you will have to wait two years, sorry little bro. Keska just turned 16, and Mackinze will turn 16 next month."“Thank you for finding out for us. It's going to suck but I guess there is nothing we can do about it unless he is willing to let her go early."“I don't think that is likely, he visibly blanched when I told him she was your mate. Get some rest, we will talk later."* I close the link,strip out of my clothes, take a quick shower, and pass out.

JESSIE: I am giddy with anticipation. I know my mate is here, I keep getting whiffs of spice, like all the different spices that go into making a home-made pumpkin pie, it makes my mouth water. And I can't wait to hear that they have that bratty bitch sister of mine locked up in the cabin.Everything is falling into place, and at the end of next week, I will be out of here and I will never have to see her again. YES!!


JAMES: I know my mate is here, with us being this close to turning 18,I can get whiffs of her scent, and I can feel my wolf actually starting to stir within me. I also know that Jessie is up to something. I am going to have to get with Dad and find out what all he has going on where she is concerned. I also feel like there is something different about Keska, too,will have to ask him about that. But right now, I am just going to take a
shower and sleep for a while, then when I get up, I will go talk toDad.I am also thinking about who I will take as my Beta. I have a feeling that Star is going to be leaving, so I will need a Beta, maybe Mitch, he has proven himself worthy of the position, and he is loyal to the pack. Then I will put Frank in as head warrior, he deserves that honor as well. But sleep first, the rest will fall where it will.

JAMES: I am up by 5, and head to my dad's office. I knock and wait for him to answer. "Come." I hear him call, I open the door, walk in, and take a seat in front of his desk. "So, what's the latest on the Jessie front?" I ask him.“Straight to the point, but I was expecting to have this conversation earlier,like Monday, earlier." He says. “I know I'm a bit late to the dance."I say,"But at least I showed up." I tell him. “We put some pieces together,and we have Kirk and Rodney under surveillance, plus Dedi and Marla."He tells me."How about Keska, how is she doing, and does she know about Jessie?" I asked him. "There is a lot that is going on with Keska,what I am going to tell you stays here. Keska has her wolf, she is a hybrid,a cross between your grandfather, Rickard, and wolf. It was her wolf that killed Brent and Ronnie, I know this is news to you, as you didn't know they were dead, but Jessie did, because Marla told her. I will fill you in on how she did it later. Yes, Keska has been made aware of things. We don't have specifics, but we have people in place to catch them in the act if things should happen to go bad, and if you do notice something, I want you to link Darius. I don't want you to interfere with anything. There is something else you need to know: Keska is the fated mate to the youngest prince, and Mackinze is mated to his best friend. I just hope we can catch them before anything bad happens to her. I don't want a war with the royal family. I also hope we have enough evidence against Jessie when we do catch them that she will spend weeknights in the cells." He says, "That seems a bit harsh, don't you think?" I ask. "She seemed to think it was funny when Keska had to spend a week in the cells. let's see how funny
she thinks it is when she has to do it." He says. I can't argue with that.“You can tell Wyatt. but no one else." He says to me.“Wow,nothing like dropping bombs left and right." I say, shaking my head. He nods his head.
###Chapter71

JAMES: I leave his office and head back to my room on the way, I link Wyatt. *“I have information you will want to know, but we have to keep it to ourselves." "Meet me at my room." "On my way."* I close the link and enter my room. I am getting dressed for the party, there is a knock on my door.“Come.”I call out."What's the big news. that we have to keep hush-hush." Wyatt asked as he entered and closed the door behind him.“Get ready for a bomb shell." I say to him.“What?”“Our sisters are fated mates to the youngest prince and his best friend, Dutch." I tell himn, He lets out a long whistle. "No shit?" He exclaims “No shit.”“How did you find that out?""Dad just told me, I went to his office to check up on the whole Jessie issue, and he dropped that bomb on me." I tell him.“Wow," he says.shaking his head, and I just nod mine. "What did he say about the whole Jessie issue, though?" "He says he has people on it, and now it's a wait-and-watch game. But if Kes is the prince's fated mate, he will call for blood if anything happens to her." I tell him. "But dad says that if we notice anything, we are to link Darius, and to stay out of it." I tell him. He just shakes his head, and I nod mine. We leave to go down to the party.

KESKA: I am up at about 5:30-6:00, I put on a smocked, topped sun dress,nothing fancy, but pretty enough, in a paisley pattern done in shades of green and some soft browns. I will, after all, be helping in the kitchen, so Sarah doesn't have to go it alone, with the omegas. Mackie is dressed similarly to me in a sundress, again, nothing too dressy, we leave the fancy stuff to the 18 and older crowd. We head downstairs and right into the kitchen to start helping, since we already had the chart, it was just a matter of getting the right size hot plates and warmers in the right spot to fit the tables, for the buffet. As I was going back and forth. I noticed one of the princes standing by the door between the kitchen and the Marquee, "Mackie, that's one of the princes."I whisper to her. nodding
my head in his direction. We turn slightly and see his friend has joined him. \[Heads up, Keska, Kirk, and Rodney are close. and I smell Jessie on them.\] Corla tells me. \[I understand, but I still have to do my duty.\] I tell her. I make my way back towards the kitchen to grab a smaller hot plate to switch it out with one thatwas put in the wrong place. But I don't make it to the kitchen, in between, I am grabbed from behind, and a rag is put over my mouth and nose. Then everything goes dark. I vaguely feel myself being lifted, and then nothing.


JESSIE: I went up to my room to shower after handing the keys off to Rodney. I get a link from them, and they have her and are taking her to the cabin. YES!! *"Make sure to put the silver cuffs on her and get Tara and that Chris guy to stay and keep an eye on her." “Aren't the silver cuffs a bit much? She doesn't have a wolf yet." “It will help to keep her weak and not cause problems. You two need to come back immediately after getting her to the cabin so you won't be missed."* I linked Kirk.Then, continue to get ready for the party. I have an ocean blue bodycon dress with beading and a low draped back, it sets my hair and eyes off.I do an ombré blue eye shadow, black mascara, and a medium coral lip gloss. Damn I look hot.


MACKIE: I am waiting for Kes to come back with the hot plate.She should have been back, so I headed to the kitchen to look for her. I get stopped by the prince and his friend. "Hello, pretty lady." The prince's friend says. "Hello." “My friend and I were wondering if you and your friend would join us for dinner tonight."“Iwill ask her, but I have to find her first." I said,“What do you mean? Is she missing?" the prince asked."I don't know, she went to get something from the kitchen and has not come back yet, but she also may just be caught up with helping with the food or something, she's like that sometimes." I tell him. "Please go check,we will wait here for you," He says. I continue my way into the kitchen.I
am looking around and don't see Kes anywhere, so I go to Sarah.“Have you seen Kes? She was coming to get that smaller hot plate." I say as I point to the plate."No, dear. I have not seen her since the two of youfirst came in." she tells me. “Shit!? I swear under my breath. I try to link her.*“Keska, where are you?"* I get no response. I link Nana. **Nana, Kes is missing, and the prince and his friend want us to have dinner with them.""I don't know what to do."* I sent to her. *"Where are you, Mackie?”“In the kitchen."“I will be there in a couple of minutes." “Thank you."* I close the link. Grab the hot plate and wait for Nana.


LILLY: After getting the link from Mackie, I take Stephen with me as I head to the kitchen. I see her standing holding a hot plate as if her life depended on it. I would have chuckled if the situation weren't as dire as it was. If the crown prince wants to have dinner with you. you don't say no!"Mackie, go put the plate out." I tell her. "But what do I tell them? They are waiting, and she isn't here." She says worriedly."I will come with you and will help defuse the situation." I tell her. We start walking to the door between the kitchen and the marquee. As soon as we step through the door, I am hit by the scent of the royal pack. "Prince Trever, Gamma Dutch,how nice to see you both again." I say to them. "Lilly, it is nice to see you as well." Trever says as he steps in to give me a hug. “Lilly.”Dutch reaches his hand out to shake mine. And they both nod to Stephen."I hear you want to have dinner with my grand pup, and Mackinze here,”I say to them. "Yes, we would consider it an honor to have them join us."Trever says. I turn to Mackie,"Go finish." I tell her. She just nods and continues into the marquee. "Gentlemen, please come with me." I say to them.
###Chapter72
PETE: I see movement in the distance, I climb a tree near the camp site to get a better look and to make sure that if the wind changes, they won't smell me, as I am a bit closer to the cabin, but it's the only way we could do what we need to do. is by climbing the trees nearby. I look through the night scope and see Kirk and Rodney. Kirk is carrying what looks to be an unconscious person. As they get closer, I see that it is Keska, and they have silver cuffs on her. I linked Darius right away. *“Darius, Kirk, Rodney,Tara, and Chris are going into the cabin, It looks like Keska is unconscious and they have her in silver cuffs.""Continue to monitor, I will let Mitchell know." “Roger that."* I open a link to Clay.*“Stay down and stay put. I linked Darius, and he says to continue to monitor for now.""Copy.”* I close the link.

DARIUS: I open a link to Mitchell. *"Pete just linked me, they have Keska at the cabin, he said she looks to be unconscious, and they have silver cuffs on her." "That's a bit harsh. But I suppose they don't want to take any chances that she may cause a problem." "What's the next step?"“I will inform the Alpha, just keep monitoring, I will get back to you."*

MITCHELL: I link the Alpha. *“Alpha, they have made their move,they have Keska and have taken her to the cabin, they have also put her in silver cuffs, what do you want us to do?" "I want you to get dressed to come to the party, then when Kirk and Rodney get back, we can get them put in the cells, and then I will link Darius and let him know that we have them in custody, and he can get Keska back here."* He sends me,and I close the link. I then open one to Frank. *"I have to go to the Party,so you will be in charge down here. Kirk and Rodney have made their move."* I sent to him. *"I also just got a link from Cash that they told Chris he was needed for a special assignment,"* He sent to me. *"He went! Right?”“
Yes, he went. I told Cash to shadow them but stay out of sight and I would let him know what was up, but to be his backup if things got rough.”“Good. Alpha said he would link Darius and have him bring Keska in."“She isn't going to just follow him blindly. I don't think she will trust him,who else is on this?"* He sent to me. *"Clay, Brody, and Pete.”“She will trust Pete, have him be the one to approach her, or there may be trouble."“I will let the Alpha know. But I have to go."* I close the link.

MITCHELL: I head up to the Pack house and enter the marquee, my wolf Hector just starts jumping around in my head. I smell the most beautiful smell I have ever smelled in my life, it's a combination of roses and honeysuckle. I look around and I find a the most alluring woman, she has sun kissed blond hair and the greenest eyes I have ever seen,she is wearing a beautiful green dress with a slit up the right leg to mid-thigh,just enough to be tantalizing but not garish or trashy. MATE! MATE!MATE! My wolf howls in my head. I go straight to her. "Hello, I'm Mitchell." I say to her. "Hello, I'm Karen." She says. "I need you to please come with me." I say to her. "Where to?" I will explain everything,but not here, and not now, I have an assignment that I am in the middle of, and I need to finish it." I whisper in her ear. And the minute I get close to her, I can feel the tingles start. "Lead the way." She says. I take her hand,and I feel the electricity shoot through my hand and into my body, and straight to my cock. (Not now, Mitch, not now.) As we head to the Alpha.


DRAKE: I see Mitchell approaching me, he has Beta Calen's granddaughter with him.“Mitchell." I nod to him. "Alpha, we need to talk.” He says to me. "Come." I take him to a room off the kitchen to talk.I notice that he brings Karen with him. "Karen,good to see you again.I hope you are enjoying your visit with your grandfather?" "I am indeed Alpha, thank you, for letting me comne and for inviting me to the party."She replies, I close the door behind us. "What's up?" I ask Mitchell."First:
Karen is my mate. Second: Frank thinks you shouId tell Pete to bring Keska in; she will trust him." He tells me. "Congratulations." I tell them,“Is Pete on this mission?" I question him. "Yes, Darius handpicked his team,and Pete was one of the people he picked. Keska knows him and will trust him more than the others. So, if he is the one to approach her,she will be less likely to be scared and run or something worse." He tells me.“Good point." I tell him. I link Darius. *"When the time comes, send Pete in to get Keska; she will know that she can trust him."“Copy that."*I close the link. “Darius knows to send Pete. I will let you enjoy your mate,but remember we still have work to do." I tell Mitchell. “With your permission, I would like to tell her Alpha, it's a bit much to have all this happening and just finding your mate, there needs to be trust." He tells me."I trust you know what not to tell." I say to him. He nods. “Then I will leave you to it." And I leave them the room.


MITCHEL: I turn to Karen, "There has been a series of events that have happened lately, and after tonight. we are hoping that they will be over."I tell her. "They involved two of the Alpha's daughters, the eldest, Jessie,and the middle one Keska." I tell her. "There is too much to go into detail here and now, but I will telI you when this is all over." I tell her. “It all sounds intriguing." She says. “I can't wait to get you alone, but for right now I just want to kiss the breath out of you." I say to her. "What's stopping you?" and with that, I pull her to me and smash my lips to hers,I taste the sweetness of her lips, and I am addicted. I run my tongue across her bottom lip, and she opens her mouth to me. I slip my tongue into her mouth and stroke her tongue with mine, She tastes like heaven.I wish I could stay and have my way with her, but duty calls.
###Chapter73

FRANK: I open a link to Cash. *"They have taken Keska and are holding her in the cabin, just keep watch, if Kirk and Rodney get out of hand and start trouble, step in to help Chris out." “Copy that."* I close the link. The waiting is the hardest part of all of this.

KESKA: I come to, and I look around. I am in a cabin, and there is a light on, but it's dim. My head is pounding. I try to sit up, but I can't. My hands are cuffed to the bedpost above my head. I hear some movement to the left of me, I turn my head and see a girl sitting in a chair. “Who are you?"I asked her, anad my voice sounds like I have a mouth full of gravel,and my throat is so dry. "I'm Tara." She says, "Where am I?" I ask her.“In the hunting shack at the North border." She tells me."Is there water?Can I get a drink?" I ask. "Sure." She comes over and holds a bottle of water to my lips and helps to hold my head up so I can drink. I take a few swallows of water and ask,"How did I get here?" “Kirk carried you,and Rodney came along for the trip.""Is there anyone else here with you?"I ask her. "Chris." She tells me. "Are you part of my sister's plan, or my father's?" I ask her. “Your father's.""What about Chris?"“I believe your father's."“Ok, do either one of you have the key to the cuffs?" I asked.“I don't, I don't think they left them with us." She says. (Great,just great!) I think to myself. "Is Chris here?" “Yeah, he's somewhere outside."“Well,get him in here and let's ask him." I say, she takes out her phone and texted someone, hopefully Chris. A minute later, her phone dings. "Sorry,out of luck, they didn't leave the key." She tells me. I open a link.k′′there anyone close to the old hunting cabin at the north border?"* I put it out to anyone who could hear me. *"Keska, it's Pete, how are you?"“I'm ok considering the circumstances, but I do need to use the bathroom, Kirk nor Rodney left the keys to the cufts, I can get out of them,bue if I did that,too many people would be exposed to too many secrets.""I
understand, let them know that I am coming in, I don't want any trouble with them, they are helping your father." "Thanks, Pete, just please hurry."* I cut the link.“A guard is going to come and get me out of these cuffs,"I say. "So don't try to take him, he is one of the Delta elites, and he doesn't want to hurt anyone, helping to catch Jessie." I tell her. She takes her phone out and sends a message, presumably to Chris. The door opens,and 3 people walk in. The only one I know is Pete. "Hey." “Hey, yourself.""Please get these things off of me." Pete comes over to me, puts on a pair of gloves, and uncuffs me. "Thank you, but I really need to use the bathroom. When I come back, we can do introductions." I head to the bathroom, I do my business, wash my hands, and come back out to where everyone is sitting. “I am Keska, for those who don't know me." I say to the group at large. I look at a guy who looks to be about James's age,“Chris, I presume?" He nods, and I hold out my hand to shake his. He takes it and shakes it. I turn to Pete,"I know Pete." I say, turning to the last person in the room, "But I don't have a clue who you might be."I say to him. "I'm Cash, I was assigned to shadow Chris here in case the other two got too bossy and out of control." He says. I hold out my hand to shake his. "Nice to meet you Cash." I say to him. I turn back to Pete,“So what's the plan? When are we getting out of here?" I ask him. “I'm sure that Tara and Chris here want to get back to their families, and I have a party to help feed." I say. "We are waiting on word from the Alpha,or Mitchell, to let us know that Kirk and Rodney are in the cells." He says."Who are we?" I asked him. "Well, Clay is out on watch right now,but then there is Darius and Brody, they are the rest of the team." He tells me."Clay is my older brother." Tara says. I nod.“Has everyone been updated on the turn of events?" I asked, "What do you mean, like the fact that you are conscious and no longer in cuffs?" Pete says with a slight chuckle. “Yeb,"I say with just a hint of sass to him. "Not yet, we want to make sure all goes well on their end first." He says, I nod.
\~~-


LILLY: I take the boys to the back of the marquee and have them sit.“I am going to tell you a story, and I want you to sit and pay attention,because I cannot repeat myself, as we can't take the chance of others hearing what I am going to tell you." I say to them. They both nod to me."I take it that the girls are your mates?" They both nod. I smile. “Oh, this is going to be so good." I couldn't help the sarcastic grin that came to me."First things first. Trever, you need to know that Keska has her wolf." I whisper to him. "Don't react." I say. "There were a series of unfortunate events that brought it about." I say. "She was rejected by her paternal grandmother, then Jessie rejected her, and she accepted it. Then she was stabbed."“Calm down Trever. Breath, we can't draw attention to us."I say soothingly to him. "The people responsible for stabbing her are dead.But the person who master minded it all is still at large. I believe that they are working on it as we sit here." "So,you must stay calm.""How do you know they are working on it?" he whispers to me. I nod my head in the direction of our lead warrior. “He is why I believe that they are working on it. He is the head warrior; he hates these events and only shows up at
###Chapter74

LILLY: the Alpha's insistence." I tell them.“Plus, watch his demeanor,he is watching for or looking for someone specific." “Do you remember your lessons in in-house surveillance?" I asked them. They both nod.“Good,so pay attention and watch him, he will be the one to make the arrest."“There are other issues as well, but I will leave them for the girls to tell you,but don't push, let them tell you on their time." I say to them. Again.they both nod.


MITCHELL: I finally catch sight of Kirk and Rodney; I watch as they nonchalantly start to make their rounds around the marquee. I watch as they pass Jessie's table and see Rodney pass something off to Dedi. I link the Alpha. *"I have them both in sight. They just passed the keys back to Dedi; we will need to have a couple more guys here to help take them in."*I send to him. *"Have James and Wyatt give you a hand, they need to get the experience."* He sends back to me. *“Copy."* I link James and Wyatt.*“Pay attention, you two, you're up, we are going to take Kirk and Rodney to the cells, then we are coming back for Dedi and Marla. Got it?”“Got it.”*I close the link and follow Kirk, nod to the boys, and they go for Rodney.We follow them outside of the marquee and then arrest them. We take them to the cells, and then we go back into the party, and I see that Wyatt is already working on Dedi, and James is working on Marla. I just watch and wait to see if they need a hand. They both get the girls out of the marquee and arrest them, and take them to the cells. The girls are crying like babies. I link the Alpha. *"Done, the only one left is Jessie."* I tell him.*"Good, leave Jessie to me, let's get Keska back here before her mate decides to take all our heads."* He sends to me. *"What? What do you mean, mate? She is too young." "She is, but he isn't; he is the youngest Lycan prince," “Oh shit.” “Yeah! Oh shit.?* I close the link with the Alpha and open one to Darius. *"Bring her home. And make sure sheis ok.
otherwise the youngest prince might have something to say." “Oh Shit!"“Yeah."* I close the link and go find my mate.


DARIUS: I open a link to Pete. *“Bring her home,but be careful with her;we don't want an issue with the youngest crown prince." “What are you on about?" “I have no clue, Mitch just said that he might have an issue if she is hurt." “Yeah ok."* I close the link.


PETE: I am shaking my head as I link Clay. *"Come on in, Clay, Tara is here, and the coast is clear; we need to get them all back home."* I turn back to the group. "Time to head back." I say to them. “What's the head shake for?" Keska asked me. “Seems like you might have an admirer in the youngest prince." I whisper to her and watch as she turns bright red.“Why would he be interested in me? I don't bring anything to the table that could advance him." She says. "What if you're his mate? Then you would bring everything to the table." I say to her. She just shakes her head at me. Clay comes to the door, and we head out to go back to the pack house.


PETE: Halfway back, we meet up with Darius and Brody in an SUV. “Just thought we would come meet up with you and get you back quicker." He says. “Thanks, it would have sucked if we would have had to walk the whole way." He nods. "Why were you following Mackie, Liam, and me that day." I hear Keska ask Darius, with a bit of harshness to her voice,and she was hesitant to get in the vehicle with him. I link him.“*Just come clean with her, if you were under orders from the Alpha, tell her,after everything she has been through, she is bound to be leery."* I close the link. "I was under Alpha's orders." He tells her.


PETE: I watch her as she struggles with herself about him. I step up to her, "He's ok, Keska, I promise." I tell her. She looks up at me. I just nod my head to say yes, you can trust him. She nods back to me and gets in
the very back of the SUV. I get in next to her, then Chris,Clay,Tara,and Cash are in the middle row. I know she needs to have that feeling of trust and security right now, and I'm it.


~~~

JESSIE: I mingle with everyone at the meet and greet, chit-chatting with everyone, I want to make a good impression so that when the time comes,my mate won't think badly of me. I don't want to be rejected,so I play nice with everyone; it's easy to do with Keska out of the way. Everyone here is 18 already, except James, Wyatt, and me; we will be 18 on Wednesday, and Wyatt will be 18 next month. On Wednesday, we too will be able to tell our mates, but I have a feeling that one of the AIpha Heirs is my mate. The way he keeps watching me is exciting, thrilling, almost, to see that he is already possessive of me. He's quite handsome, with hair the color of dark chocolate and brown eyes that go from a soft brown to almost black when he gets angry. His features are still a little boyish, but you can see the firm, angular structure of the man he will be. Yum. It will be interesting to watch to see who might be mated to whom, as the full moon is tonight, maybe I won't wait, if he knows I am his, I will let him take me tonight, under the full moon. That would be amazing.
###Chapter75

JAMES: I watch as Jessie mingles with everyone, acting like she is the hostess of this gathering instead of Mom and Dad. I can't help but just shake my head. I notice that Janica has been paying a bit more attention to me, or at least in my direction, this trip. I won't lie, it would be a pleasure to be mated to her. She is warm, kind, and sexy all rolled up in one nice package. But I need to keep focused and my mind on task,because when Keska makes her entrance again Jessie will probably lose her shit and we don't want her to be rejected, but she also needs to be punished for everything she has pulled. I know I am one to talk, I wasn't any better to her, heck, none of us were, but I have come around, I know better now, I have to be better, do better so I can be a good Alpha for the pack. I know that I still have to finish up my time with Mr. Richards, and then it's off to Alpha training, I look forward to all of it as long as I know my mate will be here waiting for me, heck if it is Janica, I just might make the request that she join me in doing the Alpha training, I know she would love to do it.


WYATT: I am looking around, watching everyone, Jessie acting like a queen bee. I just shake my head at her. I see my sister, she is scurrying in and out of the marquee, looking frantic. I frown and link James.**I wonder what's got into my sister. She looks frantic." “Maybe because Keska isn't back yet, and the prince and his friend are staring hard at her.She may be feeling a bit of the pressure, remember she and Keska are their mates, after all." “I get that, but it's not like her to be flustered." “She might be feeling the mate bond, even though she is young."* *“I'm not buying it; she never gets flustered. Not even when I've been being an ass to her. I'm going to go talk to her."* I close the link and go to my sister.L catch her as she comes into the marquee. "What's going on with you? 1ask her, "What do you mean?" She asked me back. "I know something is
bothering you, so what is it?" I ask her again. “I have no idea what it is you are on about, but I have work to do." She says and side steps me.I step back in front ofher. "Kenz. I know when something is bothering you,and something is definitely bothering you." I say to her. "Oh, so now you want to play the big brother! Save it, for Demi, Wyatt, you have proven more times than not that you couldn't care less about me." “Is there a problem here?" I hear a bit of a deeper voice coming from behind me.“No,nothing I can't handle, just my big brother being a pain in the ass as usual." She says. "I am not a pain in the ass little sister." I say.“Maybe not to James, you're not, but right now you are to me." She says and walks away to put the fruit dish on the buffet table and pick up the empty one, and heads back to the kitchen. I turn and look at the person who got into my conversation with my sister. "Wyatt Dawson, next Gamma of Blue Crescent Pack." I say, holding out my hand to the stranger. “Dutch Winters, third-born gamma of the Golden Sun Pack." He introduces himself to me. I nod in acknowledgement of the title and the pack;I shake his hand. “So, brother, huh?” “Yeah.”“Ok,good to know, nice to meet you, but please don't bother your sister right now, she is worried about her best friend being missing." He tells me. “Thank you,would you like to join me and the next Alpha at our table?" I ask him. "Is the invitation open to theprince as well?" he asked me. "Sure." I tell him.I watch as his eyes gloss over, so I also take the time to link James.*“We may have company; our sisters' mates might join us." "Wyatt!"* I close the link before he can get another word out of his head. "Sure, we'll join you."He says, and I see a tall figure get up from the back of the marquee and head in our direction. Once he reaches us, Dutch makes the introductions.I hold out my hand to shake his and head over to the table that James and I have been sitting at since we got back from dealing with Marla and Dedi.

1'~~~1
KESKA: I link Mackie. "Hey, I'm ok, and we are almost back, try to get into a position to snap a pic of Jessie's face when she sees me." “Oh,thank the goddess. Kes you scared the crap out of me." “Don't blame me,blame Jessie.""I swear, when you get in here, I am going to chain you to me,so that it can't happen again." “Don't worry, I have no intention of having it happen again, and if Jessie does find her mate, she will be leaving, and we won't have to worry about it at all." “We're here." I close the link. I turn to Pete, "Thank you. I am going to go to my room and take a shower, and change." I tell him. “So let the important players know I am back, but I just need to get cleaned up." I tell him and turn to go into the house and up to my room.

PETE: I link Mitchelland the alpha. *We got her back, she wanted to go take a shower and change, but she is back and unharmed with the exception of having to had to go through it in the first place."* I tell them,and I head down to the barracks to get cleaned up myself.


LIAM: I really don't want to be around people right now, My sister is missing, and they are all partying and acting like it's no big deal, I am really starting to hate Jessie, I know she is behind Kes's disappearance, the only people that seem to care is Nana, Mackie, and for whatever reasona the youngest prince and his friend. So much for Lissa's newfound awareness;she is right back under Jessie's influence. So, while everybody is out partying, I am beating up the billiard balls in the game room until someone decides to tell me what the hell is going on with my sister. I know that after this incident is over I am going to insist that she blood oath's me to her, I am not going to wait until I'm 18, I can't handle it when she is in trouble, and no one around here seems to give a flying fuck about it.
###Chapter76

KESKA: I come downstairs after my shower and changing, I hear some pretty hard crashes of the pool balls coming from the game room,so I head in that direction just to make sure that whatever is happening in there stays friendly. I find Lima alone and taking his anger out on the balls.“Father will skin you if those balls break." I say to him. He stops in mid-shot. turns to look at me, then drops the stick and runs straight for me. “Don't you ever disappear on me again!" He wraps his arms around me and buries his facein my neck. "Hey, it's ok, Liam, I am not hurt." I tell him as I wrap my arms around him and rock him gently. "I also am not waiting until I am 18, when this stupid ball is over, I want you to blood oath me." He says with anger in his voice. "Liam, we talked about that. There is really no way to undo that." "I don't care, you were gone and none of them cared, not one of them." He said to me. "Hey, Sshh, they cared, they had people in place watching, the worst thing that happened this time was that they put silver cuffs on me." I tell him in a soothing voice, I whisper to him, “Silver doesn't bother me much, I think it has to do with Corla being an elemental. But we will keep that secret to ourselves,ok?" I ask him. He nods his head. “Ok, I have to get back to work now,are you going to be ok? And not beat the crap out of the pool balls?"“I want to come with you." "I guess, Sarah can always use another pair of hands."I say to him, and he nods. And we head to the kitchen. When I step in, Mackie rushes to hug me, she engulfs me in a bear hug. "I was so worried, you didn't come back, and the prince was asking for us to join them for dinner. I didn't know what to do. I told Nana, and she helped."She rushed her words out at me. "Hey, sshh I am ok." I tell her as I hug her back. "We have work to do." I say to her. "How on earth can you think of work after everything?" she says to me. "Because if I don't focus on that, I will break and I will not let Jessie win." I say to her. She nods.She heads through the door with a dish in her hand and phone in her
pocket, wearing the biggest smile I have ever seen on her face. I look to Liam, and he. too, is picking up a dish and waiting on me. I walk over to Sarah to let her know that I am back and working. I then go and pick up the next dish in line and head towards the door.


WYATT: There is a subtle shift in the energy. I felt it as my sister walked through the door of the marquee, and I also felt it in the prince and the gamma sitting with us as they saw the smile on Mackie's face.Keska must be back. I watch as Kenz puts the dish down and turns to look around.She spots Jessie, moves to a different location, and takes out her phone.I link James. *“Something is about to happen, Kenz is smiling, and she has her phone out. pay attention."*

DRAKE: I got the link that Keska was back and thatshe was going to change. I also got a link from the guards that I had on the cells; they overheard the girls talking, saying that they weren't going to take the fall for Jessie, that if they were going down, so was Jessie. That was enough for me. I headed into the marquee just in time to see Keska walk through the other door carrying a hot plate to replace an empty one on the buffet right behind Liam. Jessie saw her, and I thought she was going to tackle her right then and there. I noticed Mackenzie standing in a position to catch the expression on Jessie's face when Keska walked in. I almost laughed,but I had to get to Jessie before she started anything in here where her possible mate might see, and then possibly reject her. Nobody wanted that to happen at least not yet anyway, if she pulled shit after they were mated then it was on her. I moved in to stand in front of her. *"You will come with me to my office,you will not cause a scene. If you cause a scene,there is a good chance that everything that you have done will come out.and you could end up being rejected. Do you want that?"* I linked her.She just looked up at me and blinked as if she had no clue what I w215talking about, but she did come with me quietly,
JAMES: I watched as the whole thing with dad and Jessie played out,Liam looked as if he were going to bust out laughing at any minute,at Jessie's expression, and the picture Mackie took, I linked her, *“I want to see that picture."* She just looked in my direction and then looked back at her phone. Then my phone pinged, I took it out, she had sent i to me.I opened it and then showed it to Wyatt and the prince, and his friend. We had been talking and I told them that I knew who they were to my sister,and I also assured them that I would keep it to myself, as would Wyatt."I think I need to go with them." I nodded in the direction of my twin and my dad.“Sometimes I can keep her from causing havoc." I tell them.I follow my father and my sister out of the marquee and up to his office.

DRAKE: I noticed James get up and follow us, good, he is starting to learn.We get to my office, and I motion to a chair in front of my desk for her to sit in. "Why am I here? I didn't do anything." “Wrong. You did a lot and because of it you will spend the rest of the weeknights in the cells with the rest of your friends, you will clean them, and you will sleep in them.You will be let out for the activities that have been planed for the week,you will be allowed to shift on Wednesday, and if your mate is here,you will accept him, but you will tell him that you are helping with an investigation and that you can't spend nights with him but you will leave with him at the end of the week. Do I make myself clear to you?”“What did I do, Daddy?" She whined at me. I took my phone out and showed her the text screenshot that I got from Janica. Then I let her listen to the recording that Alpha Lucas sent as well. "So, are you still going to say you did nothing?" I asked her. "But the cells? I can't! Daddy,I am an alpha born.How could you?" "Oh, so now you don't think it's funny when you have to spend a week in the cells. You thought it was hilarious when you found out that your sister had to do it, because you didn't take responsibility for the things that you did. you thought that you had a buitt-jn scapegoat, and things weren't going to catch up with you?”"What klnd
of Luna would that make you?""What kind of person, period,does that make you?" "One that I would not trust, and right now I am trying to make sure you learn a lesson before you end up getting rejected by your mate if he or she is here right now.""Because if any of this gets out to everyone that is here, there is that possibility, and truly nobody wants that.”I say to her. I watch as she hangs her head; she knows she has been caught. "What will happen to Dedi and Marla?"she asked “They will be sharing in your punishment, and spending the nights in the cells if their mates are here then they will leave with them at the end of the week, but if they go unmated they will be put on probation and watched if they can stay out of trouble then I will consider sending them to as mnany mating balls as possible to get them out of my pack." I tell her. She just nods.
###Chapter77

LIAM: I continue to help Kes and Mackie with the food, helping carry dishes and taking empty ones back to the kitchen. So, I noticed when the prince approached Kes. I just made myself scarce, I didn't want to interfere with them. He has been watching her ever since she got back.


TREVER: I watch as the Alpha comes into the marquee and goes straight to his daughter, and then they leave together, and James shows us the picture that Dutch's mate took. She looked completely stunned, almost as if she were seeing a ghost or something. But after what Lilly told us, I put some of the pieces together. Jessie was not nice to her sister, and my mate had to pay the price. Iam not pleased in the least, but as long as Jessie gets punished, I guess I will live with what happened; it was in the past,and there is nothing that can be done about it now. I will make them understand that I will definitely be keeping tabs on this pack, though.Two more hours till midnight, now I am starting to wish I had gone for that run earlier. I turn and see that Keska just finished with another empty serving dish, so I get up and go to her. "Hello, Keska." She starts a little. “Hello,you have me at a disadvantage, I do not know your name.”she says to me. I smile at her."My name is Trever Kingsten." She holds her hand out to me.“Keska Sutter, middle child alpha born Blue Crescent Pack." She gives the full formal introduction: “Pleased to make your acquaintance." I shake her hand, and I feel the jolt of electricity shoot right through me."Have you actually eaten anything this evening?" I askedher."Not really.""Then come sit, I will get you some food, you need to eat.please link your friend to join us." I tell her. I watch as her eyes glaze over,and then her friend comes into the marquee as well. I lead them both over to the table where we are sitting with Mickinzie's brother. "What would you like? I will get it for you," I tell her. With the food she listed to me. I went and made up a plate, and broughe is back to her, I noticed that
Dutch has done the same for Mackinzie.

ADRIAN: I notice Keska sitting with one of the princes, her best friend Mackie, Wyatt, and someone I don't know. I make my way over to their table. "Hey, Sweets." I say to her.“Adrian!" She jumps up and hugs me.“Is everything ok?" I ask her. She starts to sign to me. (Jessie had me kidnapped and held in an old hunting cabin up by the north border, but father had people watching, so I'm ok.) (I will get details from you later.)I sign back to her.


ADRIAN: "Are you going to introduce me to your new friends?" I ask her.“Oh, I am sorry, Adrian, this is Prince Trever Kingsten, his best friend.gamma born Dutch Winters, from the Golden Sun Pack, and you know Mackie and Wyatt,Trever, Dutch, this is my cousin Alpha Adrian Sutter of Moon Rise Pack." I put my hand out to shake both their hands as she made the introduction. “Did Rex find his mate?" she asked me."As a matter of fact, he did, a warrior, with gamma in her background, from one of the packs up north." I tell her. "I am so happy for him. I hope all my friends find their mates." She says. I nod at her. "I am going to go see to Kina, the pup has been a bit restless this trip, so she is lying down," I tell her."I can send Nana to her; she might have something that migh help settle the pup." She says. "Thank you, I will let you know." I say as I kiss her head, shake hands with the males, and head out to go to my mate.

TREVER: I was going to rip the guy's head off, until she did the introductions, I guess we will be cousins in the future. "I didn't know you signed." I say to her. "Humm, do you sign?" she asked me (I know some.)I signed to her. "Did you catch what I said to him?" she asked me.(Not everything.) I sign to her. "We will have fun. Mackie and I are about the only ones in this pack who sign. Liam, my little brother, wants to learn too." She says. "Ok, not polite." Wyat says. "Not my faule you didn't learn, or want to learn." Keska says to him, "Has Jamas picked a Beta ves?" she
asked Wyatt. "Not that I know of, why?" “Because you guys are going to lose Star. I believe her mates just claimed her." She said, nodding in the direction of a pair of identical twin males and a pretty female between them.“Who are they?" I asked her. I didn't want to get jealous over nothing, but she seems to know many of the males here. "They are the twin alphas of Cold Moon Pack, Blake and Blane, and Star is father's beta's onlychild. So, James will have to find a beta." She says. I nod.“Will you do the run at midnight?" she asked me. "I might have to." I say. “My beast is a little on edge, so to soothe him, I will let him run for a bit." I tell her. She nods in understanding.


WYATT:I am watching as different people are finding their mates all around me. I hope that mine is here and that they are older whoever they may be, as I won't actually be 18 until next month, but if they are older they will know, and I won't care I won't wait until I'm 18 I will except them and take them at their word. Just as that thought crossed my mind,a beautiful woman comes over to me, she is about 5'7" and has an athletic body, I can tell that she works out a lot. She has sandy brown hair and light brown eyes that have a hint of amber to them. "Hello." She says to me.“I'm Lexi, Delta born from the Wolf Lake Pack, I'm 20.I know you're not 18 yet, so when is your birthday?" she asked me. "Next month.” I tell her. "Good, then I won't have long to wait. I am your mate." She says to me. After hearing those words, my mouth started to water."Are you going to introduce me to your friends?" she asked. I just got lost in the sound of her voice, I couldn't think straight. “Forgive my idiot brother, his name is Wyatt, I'm his sister, Mackenzie. This is Keska, she is the alpha's middle daughter, Prince Trever, and his friend, Dutch. They are from the Golden Sun Pack." I hear my sister do the introductions. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. "Wow, royalty, how did that happen?" she asked, seeming intrigued, and I wanted to rip the Prince to shreds, because he had her attention. “Our family has ries." TreveF Bays.
###Chapter78 18+ Adult sexual content

WYATT: I watch as she shakes hands with everyone, including my sister.“I look forward to getting to know you." She says to Mackie. "We have a younger sister at home that you will get to meet later, her name is Demi."Mackie tells her. "Feel like getting out of here? I whisper in her ear. She turns those soft brown eyes to me, and I can't help it. I get a hard-on just looking at her. She smiles and nods. I get up, take her hand, and lead her to the pack house, up to the Gamma suite, my parents never did use it,but I will. I open the door to the suite and usher her in. I take her directly to the master bedroom, it has a king-size bed, done in neutral colors. I let her look around the room and I watch her. "Are you beta or gamma?”she asked. Gamma, why do you ask?” “Well, that wasn't in the introductions,and only ranked wolves stay in the pack house.""This will be ours, so you will be able to decorate it however you want." I tell her. She just nods.I step up to her and my hands go straight to her breast. I cup them through the fabric of her dress, they fit nicely in the palm of my hand, I rub my thumb over her nippl*s and she lets out a soft moan. That makes my c*ck even harder. My hands find the zipper of her dress, and I unzip it and watch as it falls to the floor. She is only wearing black lace panties under it. "I want to taste you." I look into her eyes and wait for permission. She just nods at me. I take one of her nippl*s into my mouth,rolling my tongue over the sensitive tip, and suck hard, my other hand plays with her other nipp*1 to get it ready for my mouth, she arches her back to give me better access to her. I switch nippl*s and pick her up and move to the bed, where I lay her down, and release her with a pop. She whimpers at the loss of contact. "Don't worry, love, I will fulfill every fantasy you have, or could hope to have." I move down her body and with my teeth 1 catch the edge of her panties and start to pull downward. with every breath I breathe I take in her scent, and breathe out, blowing across her skin. She ralses her hipa for me #& F remove her panties. take her
shoes off, and kiss my way back up to her core. She smells amazing. I lick her from slit to c*t and she is already wet. "Are you a virgin?" I ask her. “Yes." she says breathlessly,"I will try to be gentle; you are my first as well love." I say to her. "I don't want you to be gentle." She pants out. And I almost lost it. I suck her cl*t hard in my mouth flicking it with my tongue,she lets out a breathy moan and fists my hair and pulls me closer, I sip a finger in her opening still pulling hard on her cl*t, she arches her back“more" she pants out. I move my finger in and out of her, and she raises her hips to meet my thrust. I hold her hips down with my other arm to keep her from moving. I want her to c*m before I give her myd∗ck.I keep flicking her cl*t with the tip of my tongue and then sucking hard on it,she is squirming and trying to meet the thrust of my fingers going in and out of her. "Oh! Goddess Wyatt, I am*c**mming!" She screams.“Yes.baby, c*m for me, and I will give you what you want." I tell her. As I flick her cl*t with my tongue again, and she c*ms in my mouth,and I suck her almost dry as I still want her wet enough to take me. We have just gotten started. I come up to kiss her, to let her taste herself onmy lips.“Mmm.”She smiles at me."Indeed." I raise my eyebrow at her, and slide the head of my d*ck into her entrance and push in slowly so she can feel me start to fill her as I push in. when I hit her hymen I feel her stiffen slightly“you have to relax love, I will make it quick and let you get used to me before I continue." I tell her. "I know." She whispers. I start to kiss her to distract her, and when I feel her relax, I finish pushing in and have her filled to the hilt with my d*ck. I just stay still, loving how she feels wrapped around my c*ck, I can't feel the tingles yet, but I know she can."Tell me how the tingles feel with me buried deep in you." I say to her."Oh! Goddess Wyatt, I want more!" She says to me. I just roll my hips on her and watch her face, as I do, her eyes have darkened with luse. I toll my hlps again. I want to feel every part of her, and I want her to feel me in every part of her, "Wyatt, please." She begs me. "Please, what? Love." I ask her. "Please f*ck me. f*ck me hard!" she whimpers. So. I oblige her.I
pull halfway of out of her to push back in, then I pull out so just the típ is still in and slam back into her and we both get into the rhythm, she matches me thrust for thrust, I can feel the soft spot deep inside of her and I continue to push in to hit it with every thrust. I can feel the tightening in my lower abdomen, and I can feel her walls contracting around my c*ck as we both release our orgasms. I shoot ribbons ofc*m deep into her hot p*ssy, as she soaks my c*ck with her juices. I kiss her deeply. I wrap my arms around her and roll her on top of me, keeping us connected. I want to keep myd*ck in her as long as I can. To feel her wrapped around me is amazing. A month to wait before I will feel the tingles, I bet it will be mind-blowing. Until then, I will enjoy burying my c*ck in her every chance I get. I throw the comforter over us as we both drift off to sleep with me still deep inside her.
###Chapter79 18+ Adult sexual content

KESKA: "I have to help clean up, and you will want to get ready for the run." I say to Trever. "I can help you with cleanup. For whatever reason,my beast has settled, so I may not have to run after all." He tells me.I know I am blushing. Mackie and I start with whatever empty dishes there are, we get them into the kitchen rinsed and, in the dishwasher, then we bring in the leftovers and find containers for them to store in the refrigerator. While the whole time, Trever and Dutch are helping us and flirting. It feels strange to have someone flirt with me. No one ever has before. No, not even Seth, he was friendly, until he wasn't. I just feel out of my league with him. He's a freaking prince for crying out loud, and he isflirting with me!

TREVER: I love how she blushes when I flirt with her. I know she is too young,but I want all of her firsts to be with me. I am going to kiss her before the night is over. I want to know if she tastes as good as she smells,because her chocolate coffee mint smell is intoxicating.


DRAKE: I step into the marquee. "Can I have your attention please?" I use my Alpha tone to get everyone's attention. Once it quiets down,“I know that many of you have found your mates, that is fantastic. We have organized a midnight run to honor the goddess. Please feel free to join in the run. There are changing stations set up, and bags for you at the edge of the forest. I have my Beta Gregg leading the run for you. Please enjoy and have fun."


JAMES: Before I could get back to the table, Janica came up to me.“know we are mates, and I know you will be 18 on Wednesday, but do you want to wait, or do you want to go have some fun?" She whispers in my ear, That's all it takes, and my c*ck is tenting my pants. I otep into her and take her hand and place i over the bulgo she just croated. "Does this
answer your question?" I say, and watch her smile at me. I leadher into the pack house and over to one of the elevators. We step inside. and I hit 5. As soon as the doors close, I turn her to me, I take her lips in a deep kiss as I let my hands roam her bodly. I find the zipper of her dress and bring it down slowly as I let my fingers caress her bare skin as it comes down. I don't bring it all the way down, though, just enough to let the top fall. She isn't wearing a bra, so her breasts are bare to me. I blow across her nippl*s and watch as they pebble under my breath. I take one in my mouth, running my tongue over the sensitive tip I feeI it harden even more in my mouth, I suck it hard, I let my other hand pinch and play with her other breast, she whimpers and threads her fingers though my hair holding my head and mouth in place as she tips her head back enjoying my mouth on her body. I take her other breast in my mouth again,dragging my tongue across the sensitive tip, feeling it harden in my mouth, drawing another moan from her lips "James," She pants breathlessly. The doors open, I pick her up in my arms, not taking my mouth from her breast, I walk to my room. I open my door, once insde I let her n*pple go with a pop. I set her down, close and lock my door."Did you know when we were at your pack?" I asked her. “I did, but we weren't close enoughto the full moon or your birthday." She tells me. "Well now there is no escaping it, I am going to f*ck you until you can't see straight."I tell her, and I see her shiver. "I want you to." She whispers to me.I reach out to her and finish stripping her out of her party dress, I take her heels off her, I reach up and hook her panties with my thumbs and pull them down and let her step out of them, I toss them on her dress. I make her spread her legs as I lick my way back up her legs to her core, she is dripping on me, already wet, I lap at her juices as she stars to pant, with her standing I bury my face in her dripping p*ssy and go to town, sucking on her cl*t making her whimper and call my name. It sounds sweet on her lips. I push my tongue into her dripping core to taste more of her. She gasps. Threading her fingers through my hair, trying to get closer to the
pleasure I am giving her. I use my thumb and forefinger to pinch and roll her cl*t between them, making her pant. "Goddess James! I need more!"“I will give you all you want and more, c*m for me, Janica, let me taste you."I say to her, I start to alternate my fingers and my tongue on her cl*t,pushing my finger inside of her, I feel the walls of herp∗ssystart to contract I add another finger to her p*ssy and suck hard on her cl*t, she throws her head back and screams my name, I lap up all her juices as I hold her up. I stand up, wrapping my arms around her, taking her lips in a deep kiss, letting her taste herself on me. "That was only round one,my dear. I am nowhere near done with you." I tell her as I pick her up and carry her to my bed, I lay her down and cover her with my body."I want my d*ck in you so bad right now I can hardly stand it." I tell her. “I want your c*ck tofill me up." "I don't want to hurt you." “You won't, I want this as much as you do." I line the head of my d*ck up with her slit and ease myself in, playing with her cl*t as I do, I slide all the way in until my balls are touching her. “you're not a virgin?" “I am, but I didn't want anything to detraet from this, so I used a dildo, and I am glad that I did,I love the feel of you so deep inside of me, and no pain to mar this moment." She says to me. I love the fact that I don't have to go slow. I roll my hips over her pushing in as far as I can, I feel her walls clenching my d*ck,I pull out until just the head of my d*ck is still in her and push my way back into her, and roll my hips, again hitting that soft spot that makes her walls clench, I love the feeling of it on myc*ck it's making me harder if that is even possible. "Don't tease James, I need you." I pick up the pace,tweaking her cl*t ever so often, she meets me thrust for thrust until I am slamming into her skin, slapping on skin. “Oh, Yes! Goddess James, yes! I'mc*mming."“C*m for me, Janica, cover my c*ck with yourc*m,”I also feel the tightening in my lower abdomen, and we orgasm together.E release ribbons of myc*m deep inside her p*ssy as her walls milk mo dry.I hold her as we both come down from our high, I start to kiss and play wjth hern*pples and suck them tt they got kard again pulling o maoan
from her lips. She threads her fingers through my hair and holds me in place. I don't mind. I play with her n*pple in my mouth sucking and rubbing my tongue across the sensitive tip, letting it go with a pop only to take the other one in my mouth, sucking hard on it, and rubbing the tip of my tongue across the sensitive tip of it, pulling another moan from her witch goes straight to myc*ck. "I want to taste you, James." Shesays breathlessly. I release her with a pop. She slides down my body and takes my d*ck in her hands and starts to lick it like a sucker, circling the tip of her tongue across the tip of it. "Yes! Janica, baby, just like that!" I moan out to her. She takes me into her mouth, I don't push, I just let her take her time and enjoy what she is doing, I love the feel of her mouth on me.She sucks me just like she would a sucker wrapping her tongue around my c*ck. She picks up her speed, and I can feel the tightening start in my abdomen. “I'm c*mming." She doesn't stop, she plays with my balls and squeezes them, rubs them, and I c*m shooting in her mouth and she swallows every last drop. She crawls up my body and kisses me. I taste myself on her lips, and it intoxicates me.
###Chapter80 18+Adult sexual content

JAMES: I pull her up onto all fours. and I enter her from behind. I can't hold back. I slam into her. I look down and watch as I move in and out of her. I turn us so that we are parallel to the full-length mirror on the walk-in closet, “Turn your head, watch me f*****ck you."I tell her. I push in and roll my hips, hitting that spot that makes her walls clench, and I hold.then I pull out and push in again, rolling my hips to hit that spot. I hold again, then pull out. push in, and roll and hold. I want her to feel how her walls clench me, how her body is already mine. "James, I need more.please!" I pick up the pace and I start to slam into her. skin-slapping skin.I reach around and pinch her cl*t, and we both come undone, c*ming at the same time. We both collapsed on my bed, breathing hard. I turn us so that I am spooning her, but I don't pull out, I love the feel of my d*ck in her.


~~~1

KESKA: After Father made his announcement, people started to file out of the marquee, making it easier for Mackie and me to finish cleaning up.I am not sure if the guys were a help or a hindrance with the way they kept flirting and slowing the process down, but we got it done, even wiped it clean and got it ready for breakfast tomorrow. I'm exhausted, but I am also pretty wound up after everything that happened."I think I am going to take a swim; I need to relax after everything that happened today."I say to them. "It's late, Kes." Mackie states. "I know, but I don't think I would be able to sleep right now if I tried." I tell her. “I'm hoping the water will help soothe me." "Ok, I will come too." She says.“We'll join you in the pool, the guys say. "Ok." Mackie and I head to the changing area to put on our bathing suits. I have a 2-piece tank and boy shorts in green. and Mackie has a one-piece with cut-outs at the sides, also in green.
The pool is empty, just the way I like it. I can just float on my back and watch the stars. It's relaxing and calming, then both the guys join us.They both dive in at the deep end of the pool, causing the waves to rock me even deeperinto a state of calm. "Hey, beautiful, don't fall asleep." J hear Trever whisper in my ear. "Mmm, don't worry, I won't drown." I say.“How do you know?" he asked. "I have a secret, but I bet you might know, because you talked to Nana." I tell him.“You are right, I know a little,but how did you know I talked to Lilly? And I would like to know all of it.""My best friend let me know." \[Corla, do you want to show him?\] I asked her, and I hear her giggle in my head. As she makes the water raise him up out of the pool, and then she brings him back down gently."That is how I know I won't drown." I tell him. "Wow.” I just smile at him.The next thing I know, he puts his arms around me, pulling me upto him. I feel the heat coming off his body, he is warm, it feels nice. He lowers his head. Is he going to kiss me? His arms tighten around me,his lips meet mine in a soft kiss, I close my eyes, as he runs his tongue over my lower lip, and he sucks on it. My hands come up to rest on his shoulders, his other hand holds my head in place as his lips move over mine, he nips my bottom lip, and I open my mouth. He pushes his tongue in my mouth, and he sucks on my tongue. I am holding on to him, lost in the moment of his kiss, but I need air. I tap his shoulder to let him know I need to breathe. He breaks the kiss. I just stare at him; I don't know what to say. No one has ever kissed me before. I know I am blushing,and I turn away. “Don't, don't look away, beautiful." He says. I look back at him, and he smiles. “I think it is time to go." I say a bit breathlessly.“The pool worked its magic, I think I will be able to sleep now." I whisper."I don't think I will, though." He tells me. "I think I will need to hold you all night if I am to get any sleep at all." He says in a quiet tone that sends shivers down my spine. I am hesitant. I have never slept with anyone before, I mean not in the same bed, even when Mackie and I have sleepovers, we each had our own twin bed to sleep in. "Please don't say no.
princess. I swear on the honor of my family. I won't do anything but hold you, I promise." He sounds so lost and yet hopeful at the same time;it pulls at my heartstrings. I just nod my head at him, and with that simple gesture, it's as if he lights up the whole area with his smile.Goddess, he has a beautiful smile. We all get out of the pool.\[Cor]a.please dry us off.\] I asked her. She smiles in my head, and then we are dry."What just happened?" the guys asked almost together. "Corla." Is all I say. I notice that Mackie is also leaving with Dutch, and he is wearing the same smile as Trever is, so I link her. “I take it you said yes to Dutch?"“Yeah,he almost begged me to stay with him, and he pouted, I couldn't say no."“Yeah, I get it. me too." I smile and close the link.“Mackie and I will go change, and we will meet you at the stairs on the second floor."I tell him. He just shakes his head no. "No?”“I will come with you,and Dutch will go with Mackie." He says. “Our beds aren't going to fit you,and us." I tell him. "Then we will take you to our suite, but I am not leaving you." He says. I just shake my head."Come on then. we still have to change,but you will wait outside the room while we do." I tell him. He just nods. And we head to my room to change.


LIAM: I am waiting outside my sister's door; I don't want to be by myself tonight. I am scared again; I can't lose her. I hear them walking down the hallway, I get a surprise as they come around the corner. The prince and his friend are with them. I don't care, they are probably just making sure the girls get to Kes's room safely. "Liam, is everything ok?" she asked me."No, I'm scared, Kes.""What's got you scared,buddy?""Same as before,I can't lose you." I say with tears in my eyes. She reaches out and holds me.She rubs circles on my back and rocks me. I don't care that the others are there, I just need my sister right now. "Hey, I am ok, Liam, Jessie can't hurt me. It's all over, and I am safe." I wrap my arms around her.
###Chapter81  18+ Adult sexual content.

KESKA: I link Mackie. *He's not going to let go, open my door." “Ok, but what are we going to do about the guys?""I have an idea if they are open to it." “Ok.”* I close the link, and Mackie opens the door to my room.I nod for the guys to enter. "Hey, we are going to go into my room.sweets."I say to Liam. He loosens his grip just enough to walk with me. Once in. I close the door. "How about a camp sleepover." I say out loud. “Yes please."Liam answers. "I'm up for it."Mackie says."Now you have us at a disadvantage. What is a camp sleepover?" Dutch asked. “It's where we push the beds over to one side and take the bedding and put it in the middle of the floor and all sleep together." I tell them. "I don't care as long as I get to hold you." Trever whispers in my ear. “I'm game." Dutch answers, smiling at Mackie. “Ok, let's get the beds moved." I say. With the guys there, things get done quicker than if it were just us alone.“You three go change and get ready for bed. When you get back,we will have everything else ready." I tell them, and watch as they leave, with Liam reluctant to go. "Hey Liam, right?" Trever asked. He nods his head.“Why don't you show us where your room is, then you can grab your things and come change with us." I watch as his face lights up, and he nods at the guys,and they head out. Mackie and I change quickly and then strip the beds, grab more pillows from the hall closet,along with a few more blankets for cushion on the floor, and get the floor ready for bed.

DUTCH: I link Trever. "*So, does she taste like she smells? And I didn't think we would end up babysitting."'“Better. And we're not. I get where he's coming from, she has gone through a lot,and he is just afraid that something else is going to happen and he won't have her anymore. Think of it like one of us possibly losing one of our brothers, or a family member.Jam just glad that she has him, and Mackie. It seems as if the rest of the family doesn't care one way or the other, well. excepe for Lilly. What about
you,does she taste as good as she smells?" "Better. And well, when you put it like that, yeah, I guess. I did notice the same thing, though, even with Mackie. It's sad."* He just nods his head. As we follow Liam to his room. He opens the door, and we go in. I notice that he has a full-size bed in here, where Keska had two twins; it doesn't make sense. I see that Trever notices it too.


TREVER: "Nice room.""Mom and Dad, let us pick our own stuff to decorate our rooms with." “Did Keska choose to have two twin beds?"I asked him. "I think she did, because she has Mackie sleep over sometimes,so they each have their own bed to sleep in." I just nod that I understood.“Go get your PJs." I tell him. "Thanks, and I'm sorry, I didn't mean to mess up your guys' night, but I just need to be with her right now."He said with tears in his eyes. I just go give him a hug. "I know. I get it, even though I have two older brothers, and they can be a pain in the ass at times I love them and would hate to see anything bad happen to them."I tell him.“But that's just it, Keska isn't a pain, Jessie's the pain, Keska took me with her when she knew that she could get in trouble for it,because I sometimes have a big mouth." He says as he is getting his PJs.Then we head over to our suite, Dutch and I change into a pair of sweats,grab clothes for the next day, and Liam changes into his PJs. We head back to Keska's room. We let Liam lead the way. We get back, Liam knocks, and walks in. Dutch and I wait to be invited back in.

KESKA: The guys were sweet; they waited to be invited in. "Come on in,unless you plan on sleeping in the hall." I say with a chuckle. They enter my room and see that it is set up and ready for bed, just like we said it would be. "Nice." Trever says. I just smile. Once everyone was settled,I turned the light off and went to lie down next to Trever, with Liam facing me. I should have figured he was going to need to be close tonight after his episode in the front hallway earlier. As promised. Trever just wrapped
his arms around me and fell asleep. I felt warm and safe. It was probably the first time I felt safe since I was 7 years old. It was nice, I just snuggled in and fell asleep.


LEXI: I wake up to the most wonderful smell. I know it's my mate, he smells like freshly cut wood. It's still dark out. I'm a little disoriented on where I am at the moment. and I need to use the bathroom. I feel his hard body under me, and I feel a strange sensation and the tingles between my legs, and inside of mne. Then I remember, and oh my goddess,he is still in me. How is that even possible? I feel him start to stir, and he is getting harder inside of me. Wow, I never thought that I would feel that happen. I know they say that guys will sometimes wake up with a hard on, but to actually feel it happen when he is inside of you is a different experience altogether. I can feel my walls start to clench around him, and he hasn't even moved. I am hooked. If he is like this now, what will he be like when he gets his wolf next month? I am sore after our earlier go-around, and I really do need to use the bathroom. "Wyatt, love." I speak softly to him and kiss his soft lips, "Humm?" “Baby, I need to use the bathroom. Can you let me up?" His eyes open, and he smiles at me."I will carry you in, I don't want to lose contact with you just yet." He says mischievously. He wraps his arms around me even tighter and gets up.I wrap my legs around his hips, and he walks us into the bathroom with me still impaled on his d*ck. Then he lifts me off, and puts me down in front of the toilet and sets me down on it, he then spreads my legs wide and goes down on his knees in front of me and starts to suck my cl*t, hard.flicking it with his tongue and licking it until I feel the tightening in my lower abdomen. "Oh! Goddess Wyatt! I am c*mming." And just as I start to c*m he releases me and tells me to release my p*ss, I did as he said.and that was one of the most mind-blowing orgasms I've had. not that I've had many before last night, but still, wow, "I love watching you orgasm."He says to me. "Now let's get you cleaned up. I know you are probably
sore. I will run you a bath to help ease some of the achiness." He says.And then he goes over to the tub and turns the water on and lets it run a bit before he plugs the tub. I watch as he puts some Epsom salt in it.Then he comes back, picks me up, and walks over and gently sets me down in the tub. "I am going to go change the bedding, then I will be back to get you. Don't fall asleep." He says. I lean back and let the warm water soothe my achiness. I turn the water off, so it doesn't overflow onto the floor, and just relax. About 10 minutes later, he comes back into the bathroom. He picks me up and sets me down on a plush rug. I take the time to look around the bathroom. It's bigger than any I have seen or used before. It's done in a light mint green and medium stained hardwood,with a double vanity, the floor is tiled in a subway tile that has a darker green swirl in it, and it's comfortable. I wouldn't change anything in here.Wyatt wraps a thick, plush towel around me. "Are you ready for another go around?" He says with that mischievous grin. Wow, he has an appetite,but he is ranked after all. I look down and he is standing at attention, I couldn't help myself, I drop to my knees and take him in my mouth and suck hard on the head of his d*ck, I don't take him all the way in, just his head, I look up at him as I suck and play with it in my mouth.
###Chapter82 18+ Adult sexual content

LEXI: I love the taste of him, I caress his balls as I continue to suck,I run the tip of my tongue across the tip of his c*ck tasting the pre c*m. He moans, "Oh! Goddess Lexi, yes, just like that, yes!" I continue to suck harder; he starts to push deep into my mouth until he hits the back of my throat, I gag a bit but don't stop, I want him to c*m in my mouth, I want to taste all of him. He picks up his speed, and I know he is close. “I'm c*mming!"and he shoots ribbons of hot c*m down my throat. I swallow every bit of what he gives me, and I want more. He picks me up and lines the head of his c*ck up with my opening and slides me down on his stiff shaft. I can feel him deep inside, and I can feel the tingles. It makes my p*ssy start to clench just by the tingles alone, goddess help me, I never thought that I would become addicted to anything, but I am addicted to this feeling. I start to ride him back into the bedroom, watching his face the whole entire time. "That's it, baby, ride me." He pants as we get to the bed, and he eases down carefully, not to lose contact. He moves back on the bed and starts to play with my cl*t as I ride him nice and slow. I want to build us toc*m at the same time, and I want to watch him as I ride him to his release. I roll my hips on him as I can feel him inside me, he pinches and rolls my cl*t between his fingers, not painful but firm,and keeps just enough pressure on it to get me there quicker. “Yes, Lexi!”He moans, I pick up the speed a little. I feel my walls contract around him I feel so full, with him buried in me, he sits up slightly andplays with my n*pples, and I feel myself clench him even harder, I see his eyes darken with the lust he is feeling, and I love that it's me that has him feeling like this.“Baby,I need you to go faster." He says. I start to rise up and come down on him, my walls gripping him all the way up and coming back down."Oh,goddess Lexi, what are you doing to me? Don't stop." He pants.I can feel I am close, so I pick up the speed even more. "Yest I am ctmming!"he cries out, and we both release at the same time. I just fall forward and
rest on him as we both come down from our high. Again, he wraps his arms around me, 'Sleep now, love." He whispers. I drift into the best sleep I've had in a long time, and he is still inside me.

~~~1

JANICA: I wake to the smell of fresh bread baking and coffee brewing.I know it's James, the smell makes my mouth water. I can still feel him buried in me, and I can't wait to meet his wolf on Wednesday. It's going to be crazy with both of us being alphas, he will be insatiable. I don't mind. I look forward to all the fun we will have in the bedroom.I am ready for another go around. Just something about waking up with a semi-hard d*c buried in your p*ssy does that to you. I start to push my ass backwards into him, and roll my hips to get him to justthat right spot,my walls are already clenching around him. “Mmm, I take it that you're ready for another go around? Aren't you sore?" he asked me."Maybe a little, but I want you, and it's all on you." I tell him. "Mmm." Is his only response.He moves slowly so as not to lose contact, he pulls me with him and puts me on all fours again, I can feel him deep inside of me, he is getting harder. I can feel it as he gets to his full length, and he hits my G-spot again. “Oh! James, yes!" I moan out to him. My walls clench down hard on his c*ck buried deep in me, like my p*ssy doesn't want to lose its favorite toy. "I love how your p*ssy clenches me." He says as he pulls out and slams into me, hitting my spot with every stroke he makes."James!Yes! Yes!" I cry out. He pushes into me hard, and we both orgasm together.He puts his arms around me and pulls me up to him, so my back is flush against his front. "Let's get you cleaned up, love." He says. And he pulls out of me. Picks me up bridal style and carries me to the bathroom.sets me down, and starts the bath, letting the water run a bit first to let the cold water clear the pipes before he plugs the tub. He adds Epsom salt to the water to ease my sore muscles. I use the toilet, and he comes to pick
me up again and carries me over to the tub and sets me down in the warm water, then he joins me in the tub. He washes my back and massages my shoulders and neck. then his hands start to move to the front.he washes my chest, and his hands move down to my breast, he massages them, he tweaks my n*pples and they get hard."Mmm. James."“Sshh. I just want to touch every inch of you." He whispers. I just relax back into him and let him work his magic, as everywhere he touches, the tingles follow. His hand travels down across my abdomen, “I can't wait to feel you round with our pups." He whispers in my ear."I will love to bury my c*ck in you while you feed our pup, and then feed me." Again,he whispers in my ear, and it sends a shiver down my body. I feel my walls clench on nothing. "Don't tease me, James." I moan out to him.“Sshh,just relax and feel the tingles." He says,“Because when I get my wolf on Wednesday,we are going to be doing this all over again." He says. I just breathe him in. His hands move lower and covers my mound, he cups my outer lips, He runs his hand up and down them. feeling every inch of them. All the whie, he keeps playing with my n*pples** keeping them hard. He slips two fingers in my slit and puts slight pressure and rubs circles on my cl*t with his thumb. Drawing another moan from me. I can't help it, I ride his fingers, chasing them as he thrusts them in and out of me,the warm water seems to help get me there quicker, as I start to pant“Oh! James."“Yes, love, I am here, c*m for me." He says softly in my ear.I can't hold back, and I release my orgasm. He holds me as I c*m down.“Let's get you dried off and back to bed." I just nod to him. I am tired now and just want to sleep.
###Chapter83

JESSIE: I hate that I am stuck in the cells, and that it's because of Keska.And I have to clean them, well, at least Marla and Dedi are here with me,so I am not alone. I don't get why, though, it's not like they ever actually cared about her. I mean, they always let us get away with blaming her,and it's not like I was going to have her killed, just taken out of the way,so I just don't get it. At least he said I would be able to leave with my mate if he is here. I suppose I'd better try to sleep; he did say that I could be let out for the activities that have been planned. I don't know when he expects me to get the cells cleaned. Goddess, it stinks down here. I feel a push of a mind link, I open to it. *“Jessie, what did the alpha say would happen to us?"* Marla's voice came into my head.*We meaning all three of us, have to spend the nights for the week in the cells and clean them.we will be let out to join the activities, and if we find our mates, then we will leave with them at the end of the week. If you two don't get your mates,you will be put on probation and watched; if you stay out of trouble,he will send you to every mating ball that comes up till you find your mates."* I tell her.*“Thank the goddess. At least we aren't going to die."*She sends back. *"Why would you think that?" “Because of Brent and Ronnie! Nobody knows what happened to them, except that they are dead!Jessie!"* She sends through the link. *Daddy wouldn't do that."* I send back. *"She is still his daughter, and even if you get away with treating her like dirt, it doesn't mean he will let others get away with it, or help you get away with it!'* She sends back.

1~~~1

BARETT: I found my mate with the full moon last night. She is the alpha apparent of Dark Moon Pack, Alisha Marsden. She is 20, so noE too big of a gap, I am 2 years older, I know my brothers also found theie mates.
Trent's is from Lilly's home pack, Burning Ember, again the alpha
apparent, Rachel Grey, and is a year older than Trent, and Trever has
Keska. I hope that he is behaving, considering she is underage. I think
Marsh will be happy, considering his grandniece is going to be a princess,
and so is his alpha's firstborn. Speaking of Trever, I haven't seen him
since before the run last night. *"Trever, bro, where are you?"* I link him. *
"With my mate, trying to sleep!"* He sends back. *“TREVER! You know
you have to wait!"* I practically yell. *"Will you stop yelling! We had a
camp sleepover, I am with Keska, her brother Liam, Mackinze,and Dutch
in her room. Do you think I am going to be stupid enough to be doing
anything with her, with her little brother inthe same room? So,can you
please just let me sleep?" "Sorry, I found my mate,and Trent found his
last night as well." "Good for you, I'm happy for you. Let me sleep!"* I
close the link, shaking my head. Then I feel a push from Trent. *“Do you
know where Trever is? Because he is not in his room." “Yes, I just got
scolded for waking him up; he is having a camp sleepover, whatever that
is, with his mate, her little brother, Dutch, and his mate." “They are
underage, remember." “Yes, but he isn't stupid, he won't be doing
anything with her, with her little brother in the same room, neither is
Dutch for that matter."“Yeah, I suppose. Marsh will be happy; his
grandniece will be a princess." “Yeah, I was just thinking the same thing,
but for now we need to keep it under wraps, until she isof age: I don't
want a target put on her." "Yeah I get that, and I think that there is
already some crap going down with her."“What are youtalking about?”“
Were you not paying attention last night? After Trever spoke to her, she
disappeared, then Lilly spoke to both Him and Dutch, and it was a long
time before she showed again, I thought Trever was going to lose his shit."
"No, I didn't notice, I was preoccupied with finding my mate, I guess, I
kept smelling her but couldn't actually see where she was. Turns out sho
was just outside of where we were sitting, so I could smell her but couldn'
t see her." "Figures." "Did he say anything about Keska being gone,
mean?"“No, but he looked like he was going to rip into someone if she didn't come back." "I'll ask him about it later. I don't feel like getting my head bit off again."* He laughs at me, and I close the link.


KESKA: It's later than usual when I wake up. I look at the clock and it's already 9:00. I haven't slept this late since I was stabbed. I link Sarah.“Oh gosh, Sarah, I am so sorry, I had a camp sleepover with Liam, Mackie,the prince, and his friend Dutch. Do you still need me to come help?" "No,my dear, if one of the princes is with you, just have fun for once. We have the kitchen under control." She sends back to me. I do need to use the bathroom,though,so I wriggle to get out from Trever's arms without trying to wake him, but it doesn't work; his arms tighten around me. “Hey." I whisper to him. "I just need to go use the bathroom, ok?”“Humm.”And he loosens his arms enough to let me up. I go into the bathroom, do my business, wash my hands, and come back out. Walking back into my room, I see that Liam is awake. "Hey,"” I whisper to him. "Hey." “Are you feeling better?""I am some, but I am still going to hold you to doing the thing." He whispers back to me. "Liam, I told you, there is no going back from what we did." "I know, but why can't I?" “Because they will feel you,they didn't pay any attention to Mackie, because like me, her family really couldn't care less about what happens to her. You, on the other hand, they would know.""Well, if they do, then it would only be a good thing for you,because then if anything happens again, they would feel it through me.”He says. "I love you, little brother, but I don't think even that would change them, and it would only get me in trouble with Father." I whisper to him."What are the two of you whispering about?" I hear Trever say."Sorry, we didn't mean to wake you." I say softly to him. "Don't worry about it, my brother did that an hour ago." He says."I was just enjoying the quiet, waiting for the rest of you to wake up." He says. "So, are you going to tell me what you were whispering about?" "I will later. I promise.”I tell him. He just nods. I look over and see that both Mackie and Dutch
are awake. "OK, now that everybody is up, time to put the room back."I say to them. And we all pitch in to clean up my room and put it back to the way it is supposed to be. Again, with the guys flirting for most of it.I just shake my head. The guys take turns using my shower. Liam goes back to his room and uses his own, and then Mackie and I take our turn in the shower. When we are done and dressed, we all head down for breakfast.
###Chapter84

JAMES: I wake up in the morning entangled with Janica, and as much as I want to stay in bed with her, I do need to speak with Dad, I want, no.I need to know what is going on, Keska, something is up with her, off.something. “Morning, love.” “Morning." I kiss her. "As much as I would love to ravish you again. I need to get cleaned up and see if Dad has a free minute. I need to know what he has planned for Jessie, and what is going on with Keska." “What do you mean, what's going on with Keska?""I'm not sure, but something feels off with her.""I want to come with you,if something is wrong, as the future Luna, I need to know too." “Speaking about that, I have a few things I need to tell you and discuss with you, but they will wait until I have my answers from Dad about Keska."“That sounds a bit ominous, James." “No, nothing like that, just stupid stuff I did that I have to make up for, and an idea I have." “Ok, let's get cleaned up."I check the timae and it's 8:00, so we should be able to catch Dad before the events start. We both jump in the shower together at the same time. I can't help but admire her body, she is strong and fit with just the right curves, full breasts, not overly large, but fill my hand nicely,narrow waist, just a bit more rounded at the hips, just beautiful. We get cleaned up.get out, and I give her a pair of my sweats and a t-shirt to put on so that she doesn't have to put her dress back on, I walk back to her room with her and wait for her to change. As she was changing, I linked dad.“I need to come talk to you, and I am bringing my mate with me."“You haven't shifted yet, how do you know they are your mate?" "She's older,and she told me, I trust her, and so do you, it's someone you know."“Ok,yes, I have a minute or two.""We will be there in a minute or two, as soon as she finishes getting dressed," I close the link just as she comes out of the room. "Dad says he has a couple of minutes, so let's go." She nods.and we head to Dad's office.
DRAKE: I am curious, after getting that link from James, who my new daughter-in-law will be. I don't have long to wait to find out. The knock comes. "Enter." The door opens, and James and Janica walk into my office.Wow, I was not expecting that one. "Janica, welcome to the family."I say to her. "Thank you, Alpha Drake." She says. "No need to be formal,we are family now." I say to her. She nods in understanding. I turn to my son."What's on your mind, James?" I ask him. “I want to know the plan for Jessie, and what is up with Keska?" He gets right to the point. I am glad he is learning finally. "Jessie is spending the nights in the cells. She will be let out for the festivities during the day, under watch, not under guard, but under watch. As for Keska, I don't think I understand what it is you are asking about." I say to him. “There is something different about her,something seems off with her." He says to me.“Ahh. I will tell you, but you both will not say a word, not even to Wyatt, not yet anyway. Do you understand?" They both nod in agreement."I already told you that your sister has her wolf, but she is not just any ordinary wolf; she is a hybrid,a wolf and phase elemental, like your grandfather." “Yes, I remember now,but I still have this feeling that something is off with her?" He says. “Isn't she too young to have her wolf." Janica asked. "She is, but the trauma of her stabbing, and the double rejection, her wolf appeared early." I say. “I'm sorry, but what double, I know about your mother, but who else?”Janica asked. “Jessie.” James says Before I can answer. "Ouch." She exclaims.James and I nod our heads. "I don't know, son, it could be because her woIf killed Brent and Ronnie." “What is a phase elemental?”Janica asked. That is better left for Lilly to explain. He was her mate, she knows better than anyone else." I tell her. She nods in understanding.“One more thing, I haven't asked Janica yet, but if she is willing. I would like her to do alpha training with me." James says as he looks at her. I see her face light up like a Christmas tree, and she nods her head to him. "E will see wwhat the council says, it is up to them, they don't normnally take mates." I tell him. "But what happens If we should find our mate thoro?
They wouldn't kick one of us out, would they?" He asked. “I don't know.I will have to ask, like I said." I tell him. "And now if that is all, let's go eat." We all get up to leave the office and go down for breakfast. I link Carla. *“James has his mate, and it's someone we know.""How does he know? He hasn't shifted yet." “Yes, but she has, it's Janica."“Oh, lovely! I am so happy for them." "Me too, where are you?" “In the pack dining hall.”“We will be there soon." “Ok.”* I close the link.

JESSIE: When I get to my room, I take a hot shower, I don't think I will ever feel clean again after having to clean the cells. I get out and go to my closet to access my wardrobe, I pick a variegated blue short sleeved tee shirt and leggings with cross trainers, as I am unsure what today's event will be, but I still want to look my best, so I do a light makeup, just mascara and pink lip gloss, I pull my hair into a high pony and head down for breakfast. I look around and I see that several people have their mates; this has been a good mating ball so far. I notice that Star is mated to the twins from Cold Moon, lucky b*tch, she get two mates. Looks like Janica is glued to James. I wonder if she knew when we were there? I see Colton has his mate, Leasha has found her mate, Josh has his. I can't wait to see if mine is here. I notice that 2 of the princes have mates. I head over to Janica.“Hi.”“Hi.”“Are you James's mate?" I ask her. "Yes.”“Did you know when we were there?" “Yes, but I couldn't do anything or say anything because it was too far from the full moon and you're guy's birthday." She tells me.“Congratulations, I am happy for you." I tell her,hugging her. She hugs me back. "Thank you." She says to me. I noticed a tall athletic woman standing next to Wyatt, she has sandy brown hair and light brown eyes. I make my way over to them. "Wyatt." “Hi Jessie, this is Lexi,she is from Wolf Lake Pack, and she is my mate. Lexi, this is Jessie.she is James' twin," He introduces us. "You must be older to know that he is your mate." I say to her, "Yes, I am 20, It is nice to meet you." She reaches out her hand to shake mine. I shake hands with her. "Welcome to
Blue Crescent Pack." I say to her. "Thank you." I nod at them and get something to eat, and find my friends.
###Chapter85

JAMES: I see Wyatt with a pretty girl at his side, so I find Janica and head over to him. "Hey Wyatt." “James, this is Lexi. She is from Wolf Lake Pack,she is Delta born, and she is my mate. Lexi, this is James. He is the next alpha of Blue Crescent Pack." He introduces us. I reach out to shake her hand."This is Janica of Dutch Wood Pack alpha born, and she is my mate.”I introduce her. The girls shake hands. “Nlice to meet you, and welcome to Blue Crescent." Janica says to Lexi. "Thanks, I look forward to getting to know you as we will be ranked females together." Lexi says. Janica nods."James,you are going to have to figure out a beta, Star is mated to the Cold Moon twins." Wyatt tells me. “Yeah. I was kinda expecting that,not the twins per see, but her being mated outside the pack." I say.“Have anyone in mind?" he asked me. “Yes, actualy,I was thinking of putting Mitchell in the beta position, then giving Frank Mitch's position and moving Pete to Franks." I tell him. “I just need to talk with them about it when everything is over." I say. He nods. I look around to see where Jessie is and who is watching her, and I see both Frank and Pete each sitting at a different table, but where they can see Jessie. Guess that answers that question. The next thing we hear, 'mate' twice. I look over and see that both Frank and Pete have found their mates. I was happy for them. Everyone in the Marquee cheered for them. I happened to see Mitchell come into the Marquee, and Beta Pierce's granddaughter was with him. "Mitch." I call out to him. He heads over to where we were standing. "James, you know Karen, Beta Pierce's granddaughter?”“Hello,Karen." I say to her. "James, nice to see you again." I nod. "Mitch, I have a proposition for you." I say to him. “What's on your mnind?" he asked me.I nod in the direction of Star, “I'm going to need a Beta." I said. "I would like it if you would take the position, and with Karen as your mate, the two of you will be the perfect fit," I tell him, "Thank you. Have you told your father yet?" "No, not yet, I will let him know though, just know you
won't be taking the position until I come back from alpha training, so it will be a while. But until then, this is Lexi, she is Wyatt's Mate, Lexi, this is Mitchell and his mate Karen, and Mitch, you are acquainted with Janica,Karen, this is Janica, she is my mate."I made the introductions. The women shake hands.


KESKA: We head downstairs, and I turn to head into the Pack dining area instead of going to the marquee. "Why are we coming in here?"Trever asked me. “It's just better that I stay away from my sister for a while,and I know she will be out in the Marquee playing queen bee. I just don't want to start any problems, so staying out of sight of her is the best thing right now." I tell him."I will link my brothers and let them know they have both found their mates." He tells me. “That is great, I would love to meet them." I say. "Good, then you can tell me what the two of you were whispering about earlier." He says. I just smile and shrug my shoulders at him. Telling him anything in a busy environment like this is not the best, and I would prefer Nana to be around when he hears my story. I watch as his eyes glaze over, so I knowhe is linking his brothers.


TREVER: Keska has me intrigued; I link my brothers. "We are in the pack dining area, my mate has just informed me that there is trouble between her and her sister Jessie, so if you wish to meet her, and Dutch's mate, come inside, but don't make it obvious." I tell them. "And how do purpose we do that?" “Oh, I don't know, maybe through the garden.Anyone who lives here will know about the garden, but those who don't won't even know it exists, so if you have eaten already, just tell your mates that you want to show them something you found, and come through the garden.""Smart." “Duh.” I close the link before they can respond with a comment.


BARETT: I look at Trent, and he nods at me. "Ladies, have you seen the garden?" I asked them. They both shake their heads no. "Then please
follow us, we happened to stumble upon it shortly after we got here, it is beautiful." I say as I stand and hold the chair for my mate, and I see Trent do the same for his. "After seeing it, we were inspired to incorporate the design into the palace gardens." I say. I keep a watch as we leave the marquee and enter the garden area. Making sure that the alpha's daughter isn't following us. but she seemed occupied with her friends and didn't pay too much attention to us. We walk the women through the meditation maze and let them see the setup and the beautiful flowers, then at the center is a Braided Benjamina ficus tree, about 5' tall. The ladies were very impressed with the layout and the fact that it was done with flowers and not hedges was an even bigger plus, because then you could see the exits and wouldn't be as apt to panic if you got turned around or lost.you could still see a way out. I led them to another door that I hoped would open to the pack dining area. But I was off by a door or two,but I asked an omega to help direct us to the dining room, and he was very helpful.As soon as we enter, Trever waves to us, and we head over to where he and Dutch are sitting.


TREVER: I raise my hand to wave my brothers over to our table. We make room for the four of them by bringing another table over and bumping it up to ours. Keska was giving us signing lessons as we ate breakfast, giving us the sign for the different foods. My brothers jumped in right away, as all three of us knew some sign language. When we were done eating, I introduced my brothers. “Keska, Mackinzie, Liam. These are my brothers, Barett and Trent. Ladies, I am sorry I have not been introduced to you. Otherwise, I would do the full introductions." I say to them. And they just smile.
###Chapter86

KESKA: I smile at Barett and shake his hand and then Trent's, I turn to Rachell and smile at her, "It is good to see you again Rachell." I say to her and hug her. "You as well Keska." "How do you two know each other?"Trever asked, “Rachell is from Nana's home, Alpha Fredrick's daughter,we sometimes will go and visit, as Mom's brother, uncle Darrell, and his family hold the lead warrior position there." I tell them. I then turn to the other girl who is with them. "Hi, I am Keska, this is Mackinzie, my little brother Liam." I hold out my hand to her. "I amn Alisha,alpha born Dark Moon Pack." She says as she shakes my hand. "Nice to meet you." I say to her."Nice to meet you as well, the garden is beautiful.”She says.“Thank you,my great-uncle Carson was the one who had it designed and planted in honor of his mother,great-grandma Kayla Grant Sutter." I tell them.“Dark Moon, then you must know Luna Kina?" I asked her, "Yes, she is my dad's beta's daughter." She says. "I can arrange a reunion if you like,but you will probably have to go to her, as she is heavy with their first pup." I tell her. "I would very much like to see her again, as I wasn't able to make it to the swearing-in/Luna ceremony when they had it." She says.I just nod. I look at Liam. "When are you supposed to meet up with Betsy?" I ask him. “Oh shoot, I've got to go." He says and takes off out the door, headed to the kitchen. It's the closest to where we keep the bikes.I just shake my head at him. "Where is he going at a breakneck pace."
Trever asked me. "Every weekend, he and another student go to the pack seniors to help with odd jobs and household chores that they may not be able to do for themselves." I tell him. “He and Betsy actually took over from Mackie and me." I say. “It helps to keep him buasy and lets him earn some of his own money, so he has a sense of worth and helps him understand the worth of earning his own way, instead of relying on father all the time," I say to them.
TREVER: "So what do you do now, if Liam has taken over for you?"I asked her.“Well. Mackie and I were thinking of getting jobs in the human town about a half mile down the road." She says."And that way we are earning our own money as well, and staying away from Jessie, for me, and Wyatt for Mackie, and trouble.""Are you sure that's a good idea? What about staying in the pack and getting a job, if that's what you want to do?"I say."Because we would still be at the mercy of Jessie and Wyatt, no,thank you."”“Besides, they wouldn't notice, Mackie and I have been leaving pack grounds for about a year now, to take aikido lessons, and if it weren't for this last incident with Jessie, they still wouldn't know. But father had us followed, so now he knows." “What's aikido?" I asked.“A form of martial arts." She says. "When do you go?” I asked her. “Usually in about half anhour from now." She answers."I want to come with you,I want to see you in action." I tell her and watch her blush."I will have to get permission from the master." She says. "Go ahead, call or text or however you need to contact him." I watch as she takes out her phone.scrolls through her contacts, then presses the phone icon.

KESKA: I call master Cho. "Hello?”“Hello Master Cho, this is Keska, my family is hosting a gathering and some of our friends wish to come with me to watch a session, will that be ok?" I ask him. "I do not mind as long as they can do so quietly." He says.“Thank you, master Cho.”“Welcome,Keska." I hang up the phone. "Who wants to come?" I ask. Everyone in the group answers in the affirmative. "Please remember we are going to the human town." I tell them. They all nod in understanding. I link Liam."Hey little bro, Mackie and I, along with the princes' and their mates, are going for our aikido lesson at the dojo." I tell him. “Ok.” He sends back."How do you want to travel?" Iasked them."How do you usually get there?" Barett asked. "We take our bikes." I say,"Ok,you take your bikes. we will shift and run with you, then shift back just before we get to the town."Barett says. Well, that takes care of not needing extra bikes for them.we
just need a few backpacks. Mackie and I go get our Gi's and put them in our backpacks, we each have room for 1 more set of clothes. I grab a couple of extra packs from the entry hall closet. We grab our bikes and meet everyone at the copse road. I show them to Nana's where they strip pack their clothes and shift. Mackie and I carry the backpacks on our bikes and head out. Once we get to where we cross the border, I tell them."If you need to let anyone know that you are off pack lands, do it now,please. I don't want to be arrested for kidnapping the royal princes."I chuckle and watch as the girls' eyes and Barett's eyes glaze over, so they are letting their perspective people know what's going on. Then we slide through the opening and get back on the road. Halfway to the dojo, we hear wolves fighting, and then a scream. "Trever, you and Dutch stay with the girls, Trent and I will investigate." Barett Says. "I am coming with you.” Rachell tells him. “Don't tell me no, I was trained for this. I am an Alpha,and 3 is better than 2.""I wasn't going to argue with you. The rest of you stay here and be ready just in case." I sniff the air in a full circle. I don't smell the tell-tale sign of rogues, so I am not too anxious.We hear wolves fighting. Trever, Dutch, and Alisha take up defensive positions around Mackie and me. Then everything went quiet. We hear the group coming back, and they have a woman and a small child with them. They both have a small suitcase, and they look scared and dirty. I get off my bike and go towards them slowly. "Hello, I'm Keska." I say softly, I know they are wolves, I can smell them, but not rogues. "I am from the Blue Crescent Pack." I speak softly to the woman. “You're ok now, no one is going to hurt you." I speak softly to her. "What's your name?" I ask her softly."Ailea.""What's his name?""Joey.""Is he your son or little brother?”I asked her. "Son.”“Come with us, Ailea, you are safe, we are going into the human town just up the road, we will get you and your son cleanod up and some clean clothes to put on. Ok?" She just nods her head. "Alisha.are you ok with Barett carrying her in wolf form? Just uneil we reach where you will shift back," I asked her. Her wolf nods. "Thank you." I suy
to her. Then we start to move again. We stop where the trees start to thin,and we can see the dojo. Mackie and I hand over the backpacks for the rest of the group to shift and get redressed. Then we walk the rest of the way over to the dojo. I go straight to Master Cho. "Master Cho, is it ok if my friend Ailea looks through the lost and found for some clean, dry clothes for her and her son? They had car trouble and ended up falling in the mud trying to check on it." I said to him. I don't really like to lie, but since I don't know their story, it was easiest to make up car trouble.“Yes,take them to the back storage room, they can look through the bins." He says. I walk back over to the group. "I told Master Cho they had car trouble. I am going to take them to the back storage room so they can go through the lost and found. There is a second-hand store a couple of blocks south and east of here.
###Chapter87

KESKA: If a couple of you would please go and see if you can find undergarments for them, I'm sure they would appreciate it." I said and took out my debit card, and handed it to Rachell. I then step closer to Ailea and Joey."Come with me and will see if we can find you some cleaner clothes." I tell her. Trent and Rachell went to the store. I took Ailea to the back room. She found a pair of sweatpants and a T-shirt for Joey and a pair of leggings and a sweater for herself. I then took them to the locker area and showed them where they could shower, and I got them both a towel. Rachell and Trent came back with 2 pairs of undergarments for each of them. Mackie took the bag and my card from them and brought them back to the locker room area."Ailea, we have undergarments for you and Joey. I will leave them on the bench outside the showers." I tell her. Then Mackie and I change into our Gi's and get ready for class.

TREVER: I link my brother. *"What the hell happened, Barett?”“Don't know the whole of it, but what I pieced together from just what we saw.someone wants them, and wants them bad, there were 4 guys surrounding them, and one guy was dead. The 3 of us took the 4 of them with little to no effort on our part. She is scared, whoever she is."* He told me.

KESKA: Mackie and I walked Ailea and Joey back to the group and put them between the two girls. Then we took our places on the mats for class.Our lesson ran for 90 minutes, and when we were done, Mackie and I went to change. Coming back to the group,"We have a stop to make before heading back." I tell them.“Where?” Trever asked. "The restaurant where Mackie and I will hopefully be working this summer."I say."What for?""To check on the process of where our applications are, and it we need to keep looking or not," I say to him. I turn to Ailea. "I have a place
for you to stay,you will be safe there, until we can sort things out for you."I tell her. "I can't put you in harm's way." She almost whispers. I smile at her,"You won't be, and you will still besafe at the same time, I promise.
"I tell her. We head out of the dojo and over to the restaurant. Mackie and I go in. “Hi, I'm Keska, and this is Mackinzie. We were wondering if the manager was available to talk to us." I say to the counter girl. “I will see if he is available. Please take a seat in the waiting area." She says.After meeting with the manager with an affirmative start date for the next weekend,we head back to the pack. Once we cross back onto the pack land. I tell the guys to linak their people to let them know we are back. I take Ailea and Joey with me to get the car, and I talk to Nana."Nana, I um have an issue, when we were on our way to lessons today, the princes helped a lady and her son from being hurt or even worse killed. I told them they could stay on pack lands; I was thinking of putting them in the old hunting shack that Jessie was going to hold me in, just until we can find a more permanent place where they can stay and be safe and earn a living for themselves." I tell her. "Keska, you are playing wih fire. If your father finds out, you know there will be hell to pay." She tells me."Yes,Nana, that's if he finds out. I am hoping that we will get things settled with her before the end of next month, she must have some family somewhere,we can find out and send her to them, but until then they can stay in the hunting cabin, it is the safest place for them, the patrols don't bother with it, it's on pack lands, so relatively safe from rogues, it's quiet and she can catch her breath calm down and help with where she wants to go, and what she wants to do." I tell her. She just shakes her head at me, but then she nods. "Thank you, Nana." “Don't thank me yet, let's just get her settled." She says, and I hug her. After taking Ailea and her son to the hunting cabin and getting them settled. "I will be back later with some food for you. You can hunt the small game in the area, but try to stay out of sight as much as possible. The windows don't open right now because my crazy sister had them nailed shut, but I will get that fixed too." I tell
her. She just nods to me. I leave them and head back to Nana's, park the car, and link Mackie. *"Do you want to run the obstacle course?" “Sure,what about the guys?""If they are with you bring them with."“Ok.”*I close the link.


JAMES: I link dad.“Do you have some time to talk?" "I can make time." “Both Frank and Pete found their mates, so you might need to change up Jessie's watch guards."“I'll get with Mitch on that, but he, too, has found his mate."“I know, he is standing here with us, but he is the reason for the topic. I will need a Beta, I want Mitchell, and with Karen as his mate,it will be the perfect fit." "I have no objections, but nothing will be put into place until after your training." "I know, and I basically said as much to him and Karen. I was also thinking of promoting Frank to Mitch's position. and Pete to Frank's." I tell him. "We can discuss it more in detail after the ball." He tells me. “Ok."” I close the link.


JESSIE: I watch as Frank and Pete find their mates and cheer with everyone else for them. Then, shortly after breakfast was over, Mom came out to the marquee. "Your attention please!" she calls out. "We have our first game for the mated pairs, so if you have found your mate, please come into the middle of the marquee and sit opposite your mate." She gives the directions. The middle of the room starts to fill up pretty quickly with the mated pairs. Then mom comes over to me and hands me a sheet of paper. I look down at it and then at her. I knew we were going to do this, but I just wasn't expecting it to be me. "The staff will hand out paper and pens to you, my daughter Jessie will be reading questions off to you,be as honest with your answers as possible, the only person seeing them will be your mate." She says. After a couple of minutes,the omegas have passed out the paper and pens, she nods to me. I rise to the occasion."Hello, everyone, I'm Jessie Sutter." I introduce myself. I look around and see that some of the others are standing around watching, so I improvise
on the setup. "Those of you who are here to watch, you might as well participate in the first part of this exercise. You will be able to give it to your mate when the time comes." I say out loud. And watch as several more people move to get paper and pens and take seats around the other tables. Once everyone seems settled, I start reading off the questions.
###Chapter88

#1 What pack are you from?

#2 What is your favorite color?

#3 What is your favorite food?

#4 What is your favorite pastime? (Hobbies.)

#5 What Color is your Wolf?

#6 How many children do you want?

#7 List 2 packs that you have family in.

#8 What is your dream vacation?

#9 What is your quiet place?

#10 Do you like to read?

#11 What bad habits do you have? (list 3 be honest)

#12 What is your worst pet peeve?

#13 What is your favorite flower?

#14 What is your favorite candy?

#15 What is your least favorite food?

#16 What is your least favorite candy?

"Now, please exchange with your mates. You now have 5 maimutes to study the answers before wa go through shece нgaim, bwx this táme you lakは be
answering them according to your mates' answers." I say. I am looking around and I realize that the princes aren't here, I link James, *“I don't see the princes. Did they leave?"* I asked him. *"I don't think so, maybe they are out for a run with their mates."* He says. I close the link.“Ok,now that you have studied your mates' answers, hand back the papers and flip them over. I will reread these same questions, and let's see who was paying attention." I wait a couple more minutes.“Remember. you are answering them according to what your mate answered." I tell the room.And then I start reading the questions again.


BARETT: We get back to the Marquee for the tail end of the game. I link one of the guards that I see, who found his mate sitting at one of the tables. *"What did we miss?" “Just a 'get to know you' game."“Was it decent or was it stupid?" “I'd put it somewhere in the middle."“Ok,thanks."* I see him nod, and I close the link. I approach the young alpha."Mind if we join you?”“Not at all.""I'm curious as to what we missed,we were letting our wolves get to know each other." I tell him."Just an exercise in getting to know your mate a little better, in case you end up in the doghouse. If you get my meaning."He says with a half assed grin.I nod in understanding. "Can we still do it?” I asked him. “Sure, I don't see why not." He says.


JAMES: I look around and I see a few others that were coming in late to the marquee, "Jessie, we have some late comers, I think you should do another round for them." I call out to her. "Sure, I can do that. So, for those of you that have played, please make room for the new couples coming in." she calls out. I stand and say, "There will be another run organized for after lunch." "That way,your wolves will also be involved in getting to know each other." "Now I turn it back over to my sister." I say and make room for some others to take a seat.

JESSIE: I see that the princes have joined us for this round, along with
Alpha Camron and some of the other alphas that have found their mates.Again. once everyone was settled and had their pens and paper. I gave the directions for the game. Then 1 started reading the questions. It was fun to watch as they answered the questions; some of the expressions on some of their faces were comical to say the least, but that was what this was for,to help break the ice so to speak. I get through the first set,"Now trade papers. you get 5 minutes to study your mates' answers." Once the 5minutes were up. "Trade back and turn them over." I tell the group.“Now I am going to reread the questions,you need to answer them the way your mate answered." I say to the group. Then reread the questions. Once they were done. I had them compare their answers. And again, it was fun to watch the reactions on their faces."Remember, this was just to help break the ice and introduce yourself to your mate. We will have copies of the questions for each mated pair, and in a year,retake it and see where you are." I say to the room. I then start to mingle with everyone left in the marquee. I notice the youngest prince is not here. I go over to the prince's table. "Hi, I'm Jessie." I introduce myself. "Hello, I'm Barett, this is my mate Alisha from Dark Moon Pack, my brother Trent, and his mate Rachel from Burning Ember Pack." He introduces me. I shake hands with Alisha and Trent and hug Rachel. “Congratulations," I say to her. “Uncle Fredrick must be ecstatic." She just nods. “I don't mean to pry, but didn't the youngest prince come?" I asked, "He did, but his mate is young and not able to feel the bond yet, so he is just spending time with her." Barett says.I nod my head. And continue to mingle. I wonder who his mate could be,poor guy,having to wait.

~~~\

MACKIE: After I get the link from Kes. I look at the guys, they have not left our side since Keska got back from being kidnapped. I am starting to wondes if they could be our mates. Wouldn't that get Wyakt's and Jessie's
goats? Ha!“Something wrong?" Dutch asked me. "No. Kes just wanted to know if we wanted to go run the course?" "Sure." They both say at the same time. So, we headed over to Nana's.


LIAM: It was almost lunch when Betsy and I finished with our pack duties. we counted the money and split it 50/50. I took my half, stuffed it into my pocket, and linked Keska. *"Are you back?" “Yes. I am at Nana's.""Can I come to?"“Liam, you need to ask Nana, not me.”“But you are already there." “You can link her just as easily as you link me.”“Fine.”*I close the link with her and open one to Nana. *“Nana, can I comne over?”“Of course you can, my home is always open to my grand pups, love."“Thank you. Nana."* I close the link and head over to her house.


KESKA: \[Corla,is the prince our mate?\] I asked her. \[I am not sure,he could be, considering he has been with us the whole time he has been here.\] \[I thought that you would know.\] I say to her. \[You are still too young, so even though you have me, I cannot be sure either.\] she tells me. \[He wants to know our story, why would he want that unless he was our mate?\] I ask her. \[That would be a question for him.\] she tells me. \LAre you ok with showing him us?\] \[He will have to answer the question of whether he is our mate before we do that.\] She says. \[Ok.Thank you.\] \[Of course, you know that I will always be here for you.\]She says to me. I just smile and head to the backyard to check the course.“Nana, can we use the bags today?" "Of course, you will need to help get it set up, though." She said. "Ok, I will." I go to the shed and start to pull out the bags. Then Mackie and the guys and Liam show up, and I get them to help set the bags up along with Stephen. Once the bags are up, I start them swinging and take my place to start my run. "Yeah, Kes, you got this." Liam calls out. I just smile at him. I have Nana start the timer.I bit the middle of the balance beam catch my balance and time the swinging of the bags, take the jump and hit the ropes, start the swinging
climb up the rope to hit the high poles at about % of the way up pick up speed to keep the momentum and the height going jumping up the poles to hit the target and shred it on the way back down to grab the ropes on the opposite side of the course swinging back towards the balance beam.land the beam catch my balance and time the swing and come back to the center.to end my run. The minute I step off the beam, Nana stops time.I beat my last time by about 2.5 seconds.“That good? Right Nana.“Yes,dear." I nod at Mackie, “You're up, we are just doing time runs today."I tell her. She nods her understanding. Mackie likes to start at the end when she makes her run. She starts running the balance beam, timing the swinging bags, hits the ropes with a high jump
###Chapter89

KESKA: and starts climbing the swinging ropes, and hits the poles, she was a little higher then I was, runs the poles makes the jump and shreds the target on the way down jumps and grabs the rope and starts the swing back to the balance beam, times the bags and crosses the beam. She tied my last time. "Good job." I say to her. "I want to try."Liam says.“Go ahead." I tell him.


TREVER: Dutch and I watch as the girls run the obstacle course. and then Liam runs it. I get a link from Barett.*"Where are you?"“At Lilly's."“What are you doing there?""Watching the girls run the obstacle course."“Any progress on learning her story?" “Not yet. but I am hoping that she will tell me more." "Good luck." “Thanks."* As Liam is running the course.I go stand behind Keska and wrap my arms around her. “What are we going to do after lunch?" I whisper in her ear and can feel the shiver that runs through her body. "I told Ailea that I would bring her some food,but I also want to bring some to the orphanage." She tells me. “Do you always help the pack like that?" I ask her. "I try." I kiss her neck and watch her shiver again. "Trever are you, my mate?" she whispers to me. I can't help it; I kiss her neck again and whisper, “Yes.” She nods. Keeping her eyes on her brother to help coach him. I then notice that her eyes glaze over.I wait when 1 see her eyes clear. "Trouble?" "No, just a secret." She says softly. "Can't wait to hear it." I say to her. We hear a horn blare.“What's that?" I asked. "The lunch horn, we use it when there is a large group doing multiple things, to call everyone for the meal." She says.“What gets used if there is a rogue attack?" I asked. "It's a higher-pitched horn to help disrupt their sense of hearing." She says. I just nod my understanding.

KESKA: I call out to Liam. "Time for Junch." "Can't we just eat here?" Eke
whines at me. "Liam, now you are sounding like Jessie." I tell him. “I am not." He says. I just shake my head. "You know we have to go eat with everyone."“Fine, but that means you and Mackie have to eat with the rest of us too and can't go hide in the kitchen." He says. I look over at her,and she and I sigh and nod."Nana, will you come to the pack house and have lunch with us?" I ask her. "Of course. I will come and eat with you."She answers. We all head back to the pack house. When we get there,I link Sarah. "Sarah, I will take all the leftovers. I will make a delivery to the orphanage.""Always thinking of the rest of the pack. Of course." She sends back. I then overhear some people talking about the run after lunch.Shit. I turn to Trever and pull him with me as I link Mackie. *“Mackie.bring Dutch and come into the garden."* I close the link. I head to the garden. I see that Mackie and Dutch are going through a different door.and we meet in the middle. I put my back to the main door,and I sign(There is going to be a run after lunch, I need to get to the hunting cabin before they can get there, so I can keep Ailea and Joey calm.) I turn to Trever. (You wanted to know the secret Trever? Come with me. Mackie,you and Dutch need to stay and cover some for us.) I hope that they understand what I just said. Mackie just nods to let me know she got it.I look to the other two. They both nod. I take a deep breath and head back to the dining area with all of them following behind me. I get in line to get a plate, inside the pack dining hall, I know that the Marquee is going to be filled with, all the guest, and still wanting to keep out of sight of Jessie I opt to stay in the pack dining area, knowing that she won't come in, unless she has to. I link Liam. *“Hey little bro, I am going to need you to help Mackie and Dutch. I will tell you a secret when we get done,but right now ] need your help.""Whatever you need, you got it." "Love you.""Love you too, but you're scaring me right now." "No, littlebro,nothing Jike that. I promise."*

*TREVER:# I link Bareu, *1 am going to find out a secret, A ralher big
secret, but she seems a bit fidgety righ now, we are going to some hunting cabin,so she can help Ailea and her son, but do you think you can slow the run down. or delay it?" “I will try."* I close the link.

BARETT: I link Trent.*"Trever just linked me, he said he was going to be finding out a secret but needs us to help them out to slow down or delay the run."*


*"How do you propose to do that?" "I will tell them that we want to go on the run with them, but we have to get our mates. I will write a note to the girls to go be busy, maybe tour the training grounds or something in that regards to help them get a head start."* I borrow a pen from one of the omegas, I scribble a quick note to the girls. (After lunch, go to the training grounds. I think Keska needs some time to get something done before the run.) I hand it to my mate and then nod towards Trent's, as a sign to let her read it too. They both nod to me to show they understand. I take the note back, and as we finish with lunch, I stuff it into a half-full glass of water. We all get up, and the girls head out, down to the training grounds.I head over to where I see James standing. "Did you say that there is a run this afternoon?" I asked him. "Yes, Dad has the gamma set to lead this run. It will start in about 10 minutes." "My mate said that she wanted to go on the run, but then she took off with Rachell. I will have to go search for her. Can you wait for us?" I asked. "Of course." He says. I nod my thanks and head out. I link Trever. *"I have bought youa little time,not much, so make the best of it." "Thank you."* I close the link.


KESKA: I godirectly to the kitchen and grab some containers and fill them with the leftovers, and grab a couple of backpacks and put the food in them, I then head out to the garage really quickly and grab a couple of hammers and put them in one of the backpacks. I head back in and hand one backpack to Mackie. 1 sign, (take Dutch and Liam, and go to the orphanage, and make a show giving hema thxe leftoоуекs, αd eth shem ik'G
from us.) She takes the backpack and grabs Dutch's hand, and grabs Liam and heads out. I grab Trever's hand and head to the back of the pack house and out to the tree line. I can't afford to be shy right now,I strip down, fold my clothes, and put them in the backpack with the food and the hammer. \Ok Corla, he is our mate, so he is the exception to everyone else that might know.\] I tell her. I feel the familiar push, and she is standing in front of Trever. (You must hurry.) she tells him. After the initial shock, he shakes it off. Shifts into his Lycan. Corla picks up the backpack. and we both take off with him staying close to her. We get to the hunting cabin and shift back, get dressed, I go to the door."Ailea, it's Keska.open the door. I have some food for you." I call softly through the door. I hear movement from inside the cabin, and then the door opens just a crack. and then she opens it farther to let us in. I hand her the backpack and watch as she takes the food out and starts to heat some of it up for her and Joey. "There is going to be a pack run, so I need you to stay inside. I will be here. I am going to try and get the windows opened so I will be here a while, so if they do come this way I will be here and will talk to them, they won't bother you. I promise." I tell her.She nods at me.
###Chapter90

KESKA: "Is there anything that you need?" I ask her. "Just something to help keep Joey occupied." She says. "I will bring stuff to help with that,the next time I come." I tell her. Again, she nods to me. I wait inside the cabin for about 10 minutes before I take Trever outside and walk a little way away from the cabin. I don't want Ailea to hear us. "I know you have questions.go ahead and ask." "How is it that you have your wolf? What is she? How is it that she can speak, I mean in wolf form?" I chuckle at how he strung all the questions together in one. “Do you know what Nana's mate was?" I ask him. He shakes his head no. "Papa was a Phase Elemental; Corla is an Elemental Phase wolf. She uses my vocal cords to speak, and as to why I have her, as my mate, you need to stay calm, as I tell you. I can't have you going off the deep end." I tell him.“I know that some bad stuff happened, Lilly hinted as much." He tells me. I nod my head to him."My family couldn't care less about me, except for Nana and Liam. After he and Lissa were born and turned 7, I was pretty much on my own to take care of myself. James and Jessie would blame me for all the crap that they would pu11. and I would get punished for it. Then at Aidrian's swearing-in ceremony and Kina's Luna ceremony,the Elder Mrs.Sutter slapped me, and rejected me, then the next week in school Jessie rejected me, I accepted it, then at James and Jessie's graduation I accepted Mrs. Sutter's rejection." I had a smile on my face as I recalled that memory."What are you smiling about?" "Nana, she just about shifted into Cinder,right there in the pack house." "Oh wow!" I nod my head.“What happened to cause that?" "The elder Mrs. Sutter grabbed my arm and wouldn't let go. She extended her wolf's claws. I pulled up my sleeve to show him my upper arm and the scars I had from her. He let out a low growl. I just stepped closer to him and let my scent calm him."What else happened?" "Jessie set it up so that I got stabbed." That got another growk from him, only this time it was loud. "ley, t'm ok, and C'orka killest eke
two that did the deed."I tell him. I rub circles on his back. But his growl did alert the pack run. And 1 caught sight of a few of the pack members,and some others, coming close. “No harm, keep to the run."I called out.“Everything is fine, just a bit of frustration getting the windows unstuck."I call out again to ease the run. I can see them, then just turn, and keep going."Now we really do need to try to get these windows open; they were nailed shut by Jessie's crew." I say to him softly. He nodded to me.and we got to work on getting the nails out so that the windows could open. We stayed working on the windows and whatever else we could to make sure that the place was weatherproof for Ailea and her son. And the run had gone back to the pack house. "You should be in the clear for a couple of days, Wednesday is my brother, and sister's birthday, and they will probably have another run then to celebrate them turning 18." I told her. She nods her understanding. “I will come tomorrow with some more food, and some things to help keep Joey occupied and maybe even help teach him." I say to her. "Thank you." She says softly. I nod at her.We walk out of the cabin and head into the woods, strip down, fold our clothes. put them in the backpack, shift, and head back to the pack house.Again, Trever stays behind me on our way back. When we get close to the tree line, we shift back and get dressed. "What's your Lycan's name?"I ask him."Havoc.” He says. "Hello, Havoc." I say to him. “Hello,beautiful."He answers me. "Are you ok?" I ask him."No, but I will have to get over it. I can see now why your little brother was the way he was the other night. Is she getting punished this time for having you kidnapped?"“Father says he is punishing her, but I don't quite know that it will make a difference, help change her. Make her a better person, I mean."

TREVER: After hearing Keska's story, I just want to tear this f*cking pack to shreds. I definitely don't want to have anything to do with her sister,and I can barely keep it together, about her father. Her brother had better prove himself a better person, or I will make sure that we con't do
business with them in the future. I don't know how Lilly could stand to be here,especially if she knew. Which apparently she did. I know now that I won't be able to stay away from her. I will wait until she is 18before I mark and mate her, but I am not staying away from her. I link Dutch when we get back. "I know her story, and it's not pretty or nice, I am barely keeping it together, from shredding this whole damn pack apart.""Need to let off some steam?"“Yes, or I will explode." “Will I do the trick, or do you need Trent or Barett?" "I think I am going to need Trent for this." "Ouch, ok, I will track him down, you head to the training grounds." I just closed the link and headed down to the training field.

DUTCH: After getting Trever's link, I open a link to both Barett and Trent."Trever is in a bad way, and he needs to let off some steam, he says to send Trent, but I think we all need to go, he said that Keska's story isn't nice or pretty, and he is barely holding it together from destroying this entire pack, so whatever she told him has him furious." “Did he share?”“No.”"Alright, we will head down to the training area." I close the link.“Mackinzie, babe, tell me some of Keska's story. You don't have to tell me everything, but I need to know what happened to her. Trever is going off the deep end." I say to her. "Short version, she was rejected twice,and stabbed, and every time the older twins screwed up they blamed Kes, and she took the punishment for them, she has scars from one of the rejections,as it was her father's mother that did it, and she used her wolf's claws to dig into Kes's arm. Anything else will have to come from her." That was a lot to take in. "What about you, what's your story?" I ask her. "Me? I just get ignored, I don't exist as far as my family is concerned, Wyatt is the golden boy, and Demi is the princess, Kes is my only friend in this pack.well, now her brother Liam." She says, like it's an everyday occurrence."Come with me."I say as I hold out my hand to her. "Where are we going?""To the training grounds, Trever needs to let off some steam, and the only way for him to do that without tearhng ttxls pack 从pur hs tO 大片は未 W扶화
his brothers and me.""Ok." We head down to the training area.
###Chapter91

BARETT: I link Trent directly. *“You ready for this?"“I have to be, or he will tear this place apart if I. or we, can't get him to calm down." “Let's get the girls and get down there before he does."* I close the link. "Alisha.my brother and I need to go help our youngest let off some steam.He found his mate, but she is underage, and he has a bit of pent-up frustration happening.""Poor guy, of course, let's go." We head out.

TRENT: "Rachell, Barett, and I need to go help our other brother let off some steam. He apparently is not in a good place at the moment, and if we don't get him to calm down, he will tear this pack apart. Nobody wants that to happen.""What's got him in this state?" "He found his mate,but she is underage." “Ouch." I nod my head. We head out to the training grounds.


KESKA: After Trever and I got back, I told himn I needed to change and clean up after working on the cabin. As I was ina the shower, an idea hit me. Why not fix it completely up and rent it out as a mini vacation spot, it has some nice views of the forest and it is quiet. and while I work at getting it fixed up no one will be going there but me and who ever I need to do the work, it could be a source of income for Mackie and me. I will have to talk with her about it, and Father, too. After getting dressed in shorts and a tee, I head out to go find Mackie and the guys. I don't find them in the pack house or the marquee, so I link her. *"Where are you?"“At the training grounds, after you told Trever whatever you told him,he needed to let offsome steam, so he is taking on both his brothers and Dutch, so he doesn't tear the pack apart." "Shit I didn't think he would take it that hard." "Apparently he did." "On my way, is Jessie there?" "I don't see her," "Let's hope she doesn't show." "Amen to that."* I close the link and head to the training grounda. I sit next to Mackie when I get
there. After about 5 minutes. I get a link from Liam. *"Where are you?"“At the training grounds. Trever needs to let off a little steam, so several of us are here."“Ok. I'm on my way."* He closes the link. I don't like to see Trever in this state, but I don't know what to do for him. While we are sitting there.watching. I open a link to Mackie. *“What do you think of us fixing up the cabin then asking Father if we can rent it out as a mini vacation spot, we could get extra money, I know that we would have to keep it cleaned if we did that. but it would turn it into something useful instead of it sitting there empty." "It could work if he were willing to let us have it."* I nod and close the link, and watch the guys start their training bouts. Liam comes and sits with us to watch. “Is he ok?” Liam asked. "I don't know love; I told him about stuff, and I think he needs this in order to not tear the pack apart," I tell him. “I don't blame him,Sometimes I want to tear this pack apart." He tells me."Liam, it's not the pack's fault; it solely lands on Father, Mother, James, and Jessie, not the pack." I tell him. We watch as Trever takes on both his brothers and his friend. He holds his own against them for a while, longer than anyone here would have lasted, but then I could see that he was getting tired; he started making stupid mistakes. I want to make them stop, but I stayed out of it. Finally, Barett calls a halt to the training.

BARETT: “You ok now, little brother?” I ask him. “Yeah, at least I don't feel compelled to tear the pack apart now." He says. “Good,because I wouldn't relish having to explain the devastation of one of the biggest packs in our territory by one of our own, to mother and father." I say to him, and he nods.“When you have calmed down even more, you will have to share." I tell him, and again he nods. I watch him closely, he is scanning the bleachers, and his eyes land on his mate, and he visibly calms and takes a deep breath. "Go on, go to her, her scent will help."1say to bim. Again, he nods. We all head over to where our mates are sitting. "We need to clean up." I say, “There are showern in the barkacke."
Kes says, and she leads us to where we can clean up.

JAMES: I notice the princes are heading to the training grounds,so l follow them to see what is going on, and I see the youngest one in the center of the others. He seems agitated and even a bit angry. I can feel it rolling off him from here. I see Liam sitting with Kes and Mackie, so I link him."*Hey, what's going on? Trever seems pissed about something.did someone piss him off, and we have to smooth things over with them?""Well, not exactly, but if I were you. I would not let him see you right now;he just might take it out on you, and I don't think you would survive." “What do you mean?""He was after Kes to tell him her story, so I'm assuming she did, how much I don't know, but you know your history better than anyone else." “Oh shit."“Yeah,so as I said, I would keep a low profile around him for a while."* I close the link to Liam and open one to Wyatt. *"You and I are going to need to keep our distance from Trever and Dutch for a while. He was pushing Kes to tell him her story,and I was just watching him; he withstood both his brothers and Dutch for a good 30 minutes before succumbing." “Oh shit.”“Yeah.”“Got it.”*I closed the link with him, and then I had to let Dad know. *"Dad, I have a feeling that Kes told Trever her history, how much or just what I don't know, but he was just at the training field, and he was taking on both of his older brothers and Dutch, and he stayed with them for at least 30minutes. I was back by the bleachers, and I could feel the anger rolling off him; it was palpable." "Just stay clear of him for the time being. If anything happens. I will take the responsibility."* He sends back. I close the link.


LIAM: I Jink Kes. *"What's your secret?""When we were on our way to the dojo, the two older princes and Rachell helped to save a she-wolf and her pup, I put them in the old hunting shack that Jessie had me kidnapped to.""Wow, when you say you have a secret, you dton'k keep
them small, do you?" “Nope. When have you ever known me to do anything like that small." “True. but you've usually had to deal with Mimi or Jessie, and they never keep it small or to themselves." “Well, other than those involved. Nana and now you, nobody else knows. Plus, now Trever knows about Corla." "So, he pushed to know why, and you had to tell him something.""Yes.""James was asking about things. I told him that I thought that you might have told Trever about your history, and that was why he was in the mood he was in. I also told him he might want to keep a low profile for a while." "It wasn't all on James, it was Jessie as well. But yeah. probably a good idea for him to stay out of sight for a bit."“Are you going to the range?” I asked her. "I want to, because now I feel like I need to let off a bit of steam."“I will go grab our bows. and I will get Mackie's too.”“Thanks. you are the best." "Only for you."* I hear her chuckle as I close the link and head to the pack house to grab our bows and Kes's arrows. Then I head over to the Gammas and knock. Demi answers the door.“Hey Demi, do you know where Mackie keeps her bow?”“Not exactly, but somewhere in her room." “Ok, thanks.” I linkMackie.*“Can I go into your room and get your bow?" "Sure, it's in the back of the walk-in closet.""Thanks, I will meet you at the range."* I close the link. Head to her room and straight to her closet and go to the back, sure enough,there it was. I grabbed it and headed out.
###Chapter92

KESKA: "How are you girls doing?" I asked them."We are good, that was a bit intense to watch, but at least Trever is calmer now." Alisha says.I just nod my head. "How about you, how are the two of you doing?”“Honestly, I feel like I could let off a little steam myself after seeing that.What about you, Mackie?" I asked her. "I'm with you, Kes. I need to hit the range." She says. “Range?" the girls ask in unison. “Yes, Mackie and I do archery, and Liam said that he would meet us there with our bows."“If the guys are up for it, after they come out, let's ask them." Rachell says."Can't hurt." Alisha adds. When the guys come out of the barracks, they come over to us. Each one wraps their arms around their mates and takes a deep breath in. "Keska was just telling us that they do archery. I, for one,would like to go watch them shoot." Alisha states. “I remember you saying you did archery." Trever says. "Both Mackie and I shoot." I say.“Well, let's go see you in action then." Trent says. And we all headed over to the archery range. Liam is there with our bows. I go in and rent the arrows we need, I head back out and over to the targets. We have both types, the scarecrow type representing the human body and the regular bullseye type. I go to work on the body type, leaving Mackie and Liam to choose their targets. After the first few shots, the rest of them want to join in. so we let them take turns using our bows and shooting the targets."What's the difference between having the two different targets?" Alisha asked. "I don't really know, I like to think it's to let you get used to shooting at a person, like in real combat." I say. "Makes sense." Rachell says. I shrug. After about an hour of shooting, we head back to the pack house. Mackie, Liam, and I go put our bows away. And then we head back down to the rest of the group.

JESSIE: I see the princes walking back wlth their matee. Liam, Macklo, and KES?! No! I am starting to get the feeling that either sho oπ Μackie might
be the youngest prince's mate. No. How can that happen? She is not worthy of a prince. Hell, she wasn't worthy of Seth, how can she be worthy of a prince? I need to find out. I link James. *“Do you know who Prince Trever's mate is?""No, I do not, just that she is underage."“I think it might be Kes or Mackie. That's not fair, she can't be worthy of him.”“Jessie, don't start anything, that is the prince you're talking about. If the Moon Goddess paired them. then it's not for you to interfere or judge. plus we can't afford to have war with the royal pack. Stay out of it and stay away from them! You already have punishment enough, don't you? If you interfere with them, you will end up having more or worse,you could end up dead!"* I visibly blanch at my brother's harsh words; he has never spoken to me like that before, and I felt his aura slip through the link.which has never happened before either. *“Jessie!” “Yes. I heard you.I won't do anything." "Swear it." "I swear." "I don't want to hear that you manipulated anyone else into doing anything either. So, swear to me that you won't do that either." "I swear."* I close the link. Could he really be right? I don't want to die.


KESKA: After rejoining the group, I turn to Alisha. "Would you like me to check on Luna Kina and see if she is up for visitor's" I asked her.“That would be lovely, I would love for her to meet my mate." I take out my phone and call Adrian. "Hey, Kes, is everything alright?" he answers.“Everything is just fine. I was calling to check on Kina and to see if she was up for visitors. I have a friend of hers here with me, and she wants to see her, and also to see if NVana needs to come and see her." “What friend?""Alisha and her mate." "I will ask her." I wait a few minutes, and he comes back on the line. "Yes to both." He says to me. “Ok, I will get Nana,and we will come to see you." "Ok, sweets, see you soon." "See you soon."I hang up and put my phone away. I then link Nana. *"Nana, Luna Kina would like you to come to see her. There is a group of us that are going to go see her." "Of course, I will be happy to come see bes," "Do you want us
to come to you first, or do you want to meet us at their room?" “I will come to their room." “Ok, Nana love you." “Love you too."* I close the link. Nana will meet us there, let's go. I led the way to Adrian and Kina's room. I knock on their door. I hear footsteps inside the room,then the door opens. and we all enter.

ADRIAN: "Hello." I say to everyone. “Kes, please make introductions.I have met Trever and Dutch already." I say and shake hands with them.“This is Alisha, she is Kina's old alpha's daughter, and her mate. Prince Barett." I shake hands with both of them. "This is Rachell, and her mate Prince Trent. Rachell is the alpha's daughter from Nana's old Pack."I shake hands with them as she does the introduction. "Adrian is my cousin and the Alpha of Moon Rise pack." She tells everyone. I show everyone into the sitting area, there is another knock on the door. I go answer it and usher in Miss Lilly. "We have a full house, so to speak." I tell her. As we step into the sitting room. "I can see that. Barett, Trent,good to see both of you again." “You'll have to introduce me to your mate when I am done. Barett." She says to the Prince. He nods in understanding. "Now,where is your Luna and my patient?" She asked, turning to look at me."I will be back in a minute." I tell the rest of the group and lead Lilly to the bedroom where Kina is resting. "Love, Lilly is here."“Thank the goddess."I open the door and usher Lilly into the room. I close the door and go to rejoin the group in the sitting room. "How is Kina?" Keska asked when I got back. "She is doing good, just sometimes the pup can be a bit overactive, and it wears on her. "I'm sure Nana will help." She says.I smile and mess her hair. "Hey!" I just chuckle. "So, how is it that the Royal familycomes to a mating ball given by my uncle?" I asked curiously.“Mostly because of Lilly." Barett says. "How so?" “She is a Brookes' after all. and we don't want to disrespect her." He says, "Not that we ever intend to disrespect any of the packs, but if we went to every place that sent invitations to us, we would never be home. and nothing would ever
get done." Barett replied again. "Well, I am glad that I got to meet you here, and please know that if I ever throw a mating ball, I promise I will not send invitations. I would rather petition to have things done in the realm than throw parties anyway." I say with a chuckle. “What kinds of things were you thinking?" Barett asked, “Well, one thing I was thinking was a training task force, where the packs could send their elite fighters to get some more advanced training to help deal with rogues." I say. “In that regard, some of the smaller packs would have a better chance of holding out until help could reach them." "You know that's not a badidea,and that would allow us to access the strengths of the different packs and be able to help them to survive better." He says."Yes, and it would be a good way to network, to know what packs might have problems with other packs, what packs are closest

###Chapter93
1~~~1


CAMRON: It was after lunch on Saturday. I had found my luna on the full moon. I wasn't going to wait till we got back to the Pack. I marked and mated her that very night. We will do the formalities when we get back to the Pack. We both joined the run that was set up. Halfway through it.we all hear a loud roar. I. along with a few others from the pack, went to investigate. I was surprised to see Keska and a male standing outside a cabin. He was someone important. I could feel the aura coming from him.not in a challenging way, more in an anger frustration way, and when she said what she did about the windows, it made it believable, but I have a feeling that it wasn't the only reason, andI the way he was acting I also think he might be her mate, but I also know she is underage. I have a meeting set up with a couple of the other Alphas after the run. When we get back and cleaned up. I take my mate with me and meet up with the Alpha from High Crest Pack."Alpha Josh, I am Alpha Camron." I say,holding out my hand to him. "Alpha." He shakes my hand. I then introduce my mate, "This is my mate, Cortney, from Black Waters pack."“This is my Mate Krystal from the Dark Forest pack." We shake hands around and then find a quiet corner to talk business. "I am not one for small talk, so I will get straight to it." I tell him. He nods for me to go ahead."I have come up with a new way to extract more metal from the slag ore that gets produced from the mining and processing. I had a deal in place to send the material to a manufacturer to make components for electronics,but the company bailed on me at the last minute. So, I am in need of someone who will partner with me to make the components."I tell him. "1 think we can help with that, but we will have to test it for longevity and purity." He states, "I can send you samples so you can test them for both."I say to him. He nods and gives me the address to ship the samples to. I then get on the phone and make the arrangements to ger the samples shipped immediately. As he gets on his phone to let his
-opment oi sampies trom me. and to test them.
Once we have the results, I will let you know, and then we can set up contract negotiations." "I look forward to it." And I give him my direct number. "Have you heard anything on the Keska front?”He asked me.“No. but I hope that it gets resolved." I say to him."“I do too." He states.We shake hands and head our separate ways. "Who is Keska?" my mate asked me. I take her hand, look around to make sure that no one is close to us. to hear what I am going to tell her. "She is the middle child of the Alpha of this pack." "What happened to her?""A lot, during the Alph/Luna swearing in ceremony at her cousin's pack, her father's mother rejected her, then I heard trough the grape vine that her older sister also rejected her in school, then during a training session, whether it was deliberate, or an accident she was stabbed when the rogue alarm was raised. She earned my respect at theswearing-in ceremony,she actually gave me a black eye and bruised ribs." I tell her. "How did she do that?"“She takes Aikido, but to be fair to her, I probably startled her when I just grabbed her from behind; she was just defending herself." I chuckled as I recounted the incident to my mate. "I will introduce you to her. You may have thought that she was an omega because she is always helping in the kitchen, or with set-ups, or clean-ups, but she does that to stay away from her sister Jessie." I tell her.
###Chapter94

JAMES: I didn't like to lie to Jessie, but if it kept her from starting shit again then I would do it again, in a heartbeat. I do love her, but I have come to recognize how bad and wrong we were; she hasn't yet, and I don't know if she ever will. And I don't know if Kes will ever forgive me,I wouldn't blame her if she didn't, but at least she hasn't rejected me, that at least is something to be grateful for, I suppose. "Janica, love, after the ball is over. I haveto spend the next 2 months of summer working for one of the pack members. I. Wyatt, Jessie, and a couple of others were messing around, and we broke a window. We collectively blamed Kes for it. I did come clean about it, but now I am working off the damages. even though Kes already paid the price. I am taking responsibility for my actions, even though it's a year late." "Is this what you wanted to tell me about earlier?"she asked me."Yes. so I will be busy for the summer, but I still want us to do the Alpha training together."“I would like that as well, so I guess I will have to take my Luna classes while you are working off that window.""Thank you for understanding." “Have you apologized to Keska yet?" She asked me."No, I have felt too ashamed to apologize to her. We used to blame her for everyhing, and looking back on things now, Jessie would go out of her way to pull stunts to blame Keska for. I just went along for the ride.""But now you know you were wrong?" She asked,"I do,but I don't know where to start, to even begin to make it up to her or how to apologize." I say. "I don't think she wants you to make it up to her, but the apology can go a long way to help heal things between you two. It lets her know that you know you were wrong, and you are willing to admit it,like a good Alpha should, and can also earn you a bit of respect from her."She tells me, "I notice how she treats your dad; she respects him as the Alpha but not as her dad," "Yeah, I found out that almost every time Jessie and I got her in trouble, Dad would use his belt on her. On the rare occasions that we did get punished, we would be grounded. lose privileges.
get our electronics taken away, and even if we had homework to do, we would have to go to the library and use the encyclopedias to do the research for it. But he never hit us." “No wonder she treats him the way she does. After hearing that, I have lost a bit of respect for him myself."She says. I can only nod my head. "James, just say you're sorry to her,and hug her. It will let her know you mean it, and if you do it in front of Jessie,it will show her that you understand you were both wrong, and maybe help Jessie start to understand it too." She says in a soft voice. “Plus,it may just go in your favor with the prince." She says. Again, I nod my head in understanding of her words. “I doubt Jessie will ever realize she was wrong to treat Kes that way, she is too far under Mimi Sutter's influence." I say to her. "Well then, let's just hope that she is mated to someone a good distance from us, so as not to cause problems for Kes until she comes of age and goes to the Royal pack to live, Jessie would not be so bold to try anything then." She says. "Let's hope not, I saw a little of what he was capable of earlier, I think Kes told him stuff, and it felt like he was going to tear through the pack if his brothers and friend weren't there to distract him, he took on all three of them no problem and held his own for at least 30 minutes if not longer, it was impressive and scary at the same time." I tell her. "Come, I want to start my classes tomorrow if your mother is up for it." She says. I link mom. *"Are you busy?”“Not at the moment, why?"“Janica would like to come speak with you.""Of course.""I will tell her, thank you.""Any time, dear, love you."“Love you too. Mom."* I close the link, "Let's go." I say as I take her hand and head to Mom's office. On the way there, I linked dad. *"Dad, I just got a link from Jessie. I think we may need to revise your plan for her." "Why is t时？”＂I think she is starting to put two and two together and coming up with the fact that Keska is Prince Trever's mate, she just linked me a bit ago and said that Keska is not worthy of the prince, she wasn't worthy of Seth,how could she be worthy of a prince. Her words, not mine." “What did you say to her?" «i told her to siny out of i. I reminctect hstr of the
punishment she already had. and she would only add to it, or worse, end up dead, if she got involved. and I made her promise me she would stay away. and I also made her promise not to manipulate someone else into doing her dirty work." "Smart, good job. But you are right. we are going to have to come up with another plan of action for her." “Where are you right now?""On my way to Mom's office with Janica.""Do you need to be there with her?""I suppose not, but I will check and let you know."“Do that."* I close the link. "Problems?"“I don't think so. Dad wants to see me,unless I need to be with you and Mom.""I don't think you would have to stay, just get me there and broach the subject, and then I should be ok on my own from there."“Ok, I will wait and see what Mom has to say.”We reach Mom's office, and I knock and walk in with Janica behind me.“Mom,because I have to work the rest of the summer for Mr. Rickman,Janica was wondering if she could start her Luna classes this week? And dad wants to see me, so if you don't need me for this conversation,I'm going to head over to dad's office." “Go ahead, dear, I think Janica and I can handle the Luna issue without you present." "Thanks, Mom." I kiss her cheek, I kiss Janica, and leave.
###Chapter95

JAMES: I head over to Dad's office. I knock and wait for him to answer."Come." He calls out. I walk in, close the door behind me, and go take a seat in front of his desk.


DRAKE: “I take it that you didn't need to stay with your mate and mother?" "Nope, I wasn't needed.""So, what are your thoughts for a new plan for Jessie?" "Keep her doing what she is doing, then on Wednesday.if or when her mate steps forward to claim her, let them leave right away,so she can't cause problems.""That is letting her out of some of her punishment.""I know, but isn't it better to do that than possibly have her start a war with the Royals, and possibly get herself killed by causing problems?" "True, but I promised Keska that she would be punished."“She is being punished, she is sleeping in the cells and having to clean them,just make her have to clean the worst ones. which will change her punishment, but I also think it evens it out, when she leaves early with her mate." I nod, I like his plan. “I think you should be the one to tell Keska about the change, and I will handle Jessie, especially after what you told me she said." He nods his head. I check the time and see that it is already time for dinner. "Let's go get our mates and head down for dinner."I tell him. He nods. We get up and head to Carla's office to pick up the ladies and head down.


KESKA: We all head out of Adrian's suite and head down to the pack díning hall. "You guys don't have to join us; you can go eat and mingle in the Marquee." I tell them. "Why don't you come to the Marquee with us?" Barett asked. "Well, in part because we are underage, and I kind of have been banished from helping in the kitchen, as I am one of the Alpha's daughters, I can't be seen as lowering myself in front of company. And as I don't wish to cause problems with my Tamily, I think it's bost for mo
to stay out of sight of them as much as possible." I say. “But Liam is ok to be with?" Trent says. "It is his choice to make. I am not forcing him to stay."I say to Trent. "I don't understand, why would anyone think that you were lowering yourself, if you are helping out in the kitchen?" Rachell asked."Most of the members forget that I am born to the Alpha family."I state. "She doesn't brag about it like Jessie does." Laim says. I just smile at him."Plus. if Adrian and Kina join us. I will get him to sign with us and help us get better, and that would be rude to do in the Marquee."“Are you going to join us. Nana?" I asked her. "You young ones have fun; I think I will return home." "Trever, may I have a word with you,please?"I ask him. He nods and takes my hand. I lead him to the family dlining area;I look around to make sure no one is in there. “You have a secret that only a few in this pack know about, the fewer the better as of now, so please, I know they will ask you to tell them about me, but please keep Corla a secret. I fully don't understand her yet, so it would be hard for me to explain her to others." I tell him softly. "Who knows about her?" He asked me. Mom, father, the pack Dr. Nana, Mackie, Liam, Uncle Carson,his Beta, Adrian, Kina, our Beta, Alpha Camron, and now you,and I know Dutch has an idea about her, because of the pool incident,and if father had to tell anyone else, I don't know." I tell him. “I understand,but I will have to tell them eventually." “I know, and I won't care, but right now. at least for the time being, I would like to keep her a secret a bit longer." “Ok. I promise, just for you, princess." He whispers in my ear,sending shivers through me. I can't help but blush, and he kisses my cheek. I take us back to the others. "Barett and the others went out to the Marquee." Dutch says When we get back. I nod in understanding. I get in Jine to get food and find a table that will accommodate all of us, keeping in mind that Adrian and Kina may be joining us. I got a link from James. *"Where are you?" "In the pack dining area, why?""We, as in you and L.need to have a chat about Jesisie." "What about Jessie? I have been keeping my distance, so there should be no problem with Jessie." "Calm down. ok.
Dad and I have revised her punishment. She will continue to sleep in the cells, and clean the worst of them, then if or when her mate steps forward to claim her, dad and I thought that it would be good to let them go early.therefore getting Jessie away from the pack as soon as possible, so she can't cause trouble." "Why would she be causing trouble? I have stayed away from her."“She saw the princes with you and Mackie earlier today, and she started to throw a fit about it." "So just tell her that I was being a gracious host and was showing them around the pack and the different activities we have to offer the pack members." “I didn't think of that, but it's a bit late for it now." “Well, if father wasn't so afraid that his reputation would take a hit, I would be in the kitchen helping instead of trying to hide from Jessie just to keep the peace." “I didn't link you to start a fight. Kes, but we do need to talk. I will come and find you later."*I close the link. "Problems?" Trever asked. “Nothing that I can't handle.Just typical family issues." Just then. Adrian and Kina joined us for dinner.I do get Adrian to sign for us throughout dinner to help teach us more.After dinner, I head into the kitchen and talk with Sarah.“I want to take the leftovers to the orphanage again, Sarah." I tell her. “I would expect nothing less from you, Kes." She says. I grab a bunch of containers and start to pack the food in them. I grab a couple of backpacks, load them up with the leftovers, hug Sarah, and head back into the dining area. “I'm going to take these to the orphanage." I say out loud,and I sign (and to Ailea.) Dutch and Trever nod. Mackie and Liam say in unison,“I'm coming with.""Jinks." Mackie calls out to Liam. "No fair." Liam protests.And everyone starts to laugh at their antics. We head over to the orphanage and drop off the leftovers and collect the used containers, I also collect some unused toys and colored crayons from them, then we head to the edge of the woods. Just inside the tree line, they strip down, fold their clothes, put them in the backpack with the empty containers, I look around to makesure no one is close. \Corla, are you ready to shift?\J \Yes, Dutch is trustworthy, as he is Mackie's mate.\ I look # Duth.”
What you are about to see you must keep to yourself no matter what."1tell him. his Lycan nods at me. I undress. pack my clothes with the guys.and let Corla take control. I feel the familiar push, and she is standing with them in our wolf form. Havoc nuzzles her, and she nuzzles him.
###Chapter96
KESK A: Dutch's beast shakes its head like he is trying to clear it. (I will explain when we get to the cabin.) She tells him.Dutch's Lycan picks up Mackie, and Havoc picks up Liam. I/Corla pick up the backpacks, and we take off through the woods to the cabin. I stop just inside the tree line and shift back. I take our clothes out of the backpack. I get dressed,and hand the guys their clothes. I can't help but check out Trever. “Like what you see. princess?" He says with a grin on his face, and I blush. We hear the same question come from Dutch. I turn to see Mackie blushing as well.“If you guys are done checking each other out. we have things to do." Liam says."And we have to get backbefore anyone misses us." He adds. I nod.Pick up the backpack again and head to the cabin.“Ailea."” I call as I knock on the cabin door. “It's Keska, it's ok."I hear footsteps on the other side of the door. Then it opens a crack. “It's ok, you're safe." I tell her. She opens the door and lets us in. “I have some more food for you and some things to help keep Joey occupied." I say as I hand her the backpack and let her take out the food and toys for Joey. "Thank you,umm...""Hey, it's ok, if you need something, ask."“Is there a stream or river close by?" She asked me. There might be a brook close, but I am not sure. I will find out, we do have a lake, but it is closer to the southeast border." I tell her. She nods and looks a bit defeated. "What's the problem?”“It's just I was hoping to give him a bath and wash the clothes." I walk down the small hall towards the back of the cabin. I open the door and show her the shower, it's separate from the actual bathroom. "I know it's not the same, but it will work for getting clean, and you can use the sink to wash your clothes in. I am hoping that I can talk my father into giving me this cabin, if he does, then I will be able to get a washer and dryer in hear, but until those plans come together, you are still able to take care of yourself here." I say to her. "Is there anything else that you need?" I asked."No,you have done more to help us than anyone ever bas. am gruteful."
"The next time I come. I will try to stay a bit longer so we can talk, and you can tell me your story, and then we can figure something out for you."I tell her. She nods. Then we busy ourselves repacking the empty storage containers. We head out and walk back towards the tree line. “Ok, Dutch,I know you've been dying to ask me questions. so ask." I say.“What kind of wolf are you? I have never seen a red wolf before.""I am a hybrid,I am a phase elemental. I can control both water, which you have witnessed,and fire. Now, what I am going to tell you both must stay with you until Corla is no longer a secret. My bite can kill, not in the way you would normally kill a rogue, just straight out kill. Shebit two people the morning I got her, one turned to an ice statue, the other a pile of ashes." I turn to Trever."They were the ones that hurt me, so that is why she did it." I say."Is that why you have that shimmer, for lack of knowing what to call it,around you?" “I don't know Dutch, I have not seen her in the mirror,so I couldn't say, I don't know about a shimmer." “Well, I guess it's not really a shimmer, more maybe like a rippling effect, kind of like when you skipa rock across the surface of a pond, the ripples flow out from where it hits."He says. I look at Mackie and Liam. They both nod at me."That is exactly what it looks like." Liam says. I shrug my shoulders at him. “I couldn't say Dutch, as I really don't know, what I do know is that Papa was a Phase elemental and that is where I get it from, but Nana would be the one able to answer some of those questions better." "And the fact that she speaks,she sounds like the human cartoon. Scooby Doo, only in a female tone." He says. I nod at him. We get to the tree line strip, pack our clothes,shift, and head back. Once we get back and we get dressed, I take the storage containers back to Sarah. "I brought the other storage containers back." I say to her."Thank you, dear." She says to me. "Welcome." I say and head out of the kitchen. I feel a link push from James. I open it. *Yes,big brother?" "Where did you get yourself off to? I have been looking for you.""I took some of the leftovers to the orphanage, then Trever wantect to take a walk." "Ok, but we need to have that talk, so please come ouk to
the pool." "Ok, on my way,"* I close the link. "James wants to have a talk;I need to go meet him at the pool." I tell the group. "I'm coming with you."Liam states rather harshly. "I think I will come with you too." Trever says."Liam, no judging. I don't have any idea what he wants to talk about,it could be about his birthday in 4 days." I say to him. “Yeah,right,why would he want to talk to you about that? He wasn't here for yours."“Liam,he had to be on that trip, or it would have been a slap in the face to our friends and allies, especially after they came here for the twins' graduation."I say to him. “Your sister is right on that count, Liam,as an alpha,you need to reciprocate in kind, or in some fashion to balance the scales, or it could be a potential for problems down the road, so it is always best to reciprocate in kind when possible." Trever tells him. Mackie and Dutch follow behind us. We get to the pool.


JAMES: I have Janica with me, as I am going to need her support on this.I fear that Kes might feel that Jessie is getting away without serving her full punishment, and maybe she is, but making her clean the worst of the cells. especially the torture cells, I hope she can see that Jessie is serving her punishment. I would also like to meet her wolf, I think it would be interesting to see her and maybe learn a bit about her. I have the pool area closed so it's just us back here right now, and I have taken precautions to ensure no one can intrude or spy on us. I hear Kes, and I can smell the others. I should have known that Mackie and Liam would be with her, but what I wasn't expecting was the prince and his friend. "I am here, James."She calls out to me. "We are sitting back by the Pool, come join us." I watch as they come around the corner. "No Wyatt?" Mackie asked?“Not for this, though I don't like keeping things from him, Dad made it explicitly clear that no one else is supposed to know certain things, not even Wyatt." "Then are we supposed to go?" Mackie asked1. "I have a feeling you already know, as Kes tells you everything anyway, and I also know that the prince and Duich are your males, which Wyatt also knows.
but what he doesn't know is that Kes has her wolf." I say. And I watch as they all exchange glances. I noticed that the prince didn't seem surprised by what I said, so he must already know. "I felt something off with you,little sis. so I asked Dad. and he told me as I'm going to be the next alpha of the pack. I would like to meet her." I tell her. "I leave that up to her, if she wants to show herself or not. I don't try to force or coerce her." She says. I nod. "What I really want to talk to you about is Jessie.”“What about Jessie." "Both dad and I feelthat it would be best that on Wednesday. after our shift, if her mate is here and he claims her.
###Chapter97

JAMES: we allow them to leave early. She is still being punished. Dad has her sleeping in the cells every night until Wednesday, and he has her cleaning them. I just changed it to her having to clean the worst of the cells. such as the torture cells." I tell her. “Does she know that Trever is my mate?" She asked. I don't know whether she knows or not, she asked me if I knew who his mate was, and I lied to her, I said no, I just knew that she was underage. and she was suspicious, of it being you or Mackie,and she was not happy about it." I tell her. "Why are you telling me,it's not like I have a say in what happens to her, I am just surprised that Father is actually punishing her." She states emotionlessly. I am at a loss.I don't know what to say to her, or how to comfort her, for what we put her through over the years. I can'treally stick up for Dad because he made his own choice to not ask her, and I made mine to not take responsibility,so now we both have to answer for our mistakes, and that's if she'll even let us. “I can't speak to that, and I am sorry for the shit we put you through Kes, I really am, and I know I can't take it back, but I can do better going forward." I tell her. "You had better,or you won't have the pack, understand I am not threatening you, but if Uncle Carson doesn't like what he sees, he will take it back." She says. I nod,understanding the truth of her words. I watch as I see her eyes glaze over."Is there trouble?" I asked her. "No, Corla just wants some meat snacks."She says."Liam,why don't you take Janica into the kitchen and show her around it, and bring out some snacks and juice for us." She said to our little brother. "Sure. Come on, Janica, I will show you where the good stuff is kept." He says as he takes her hand and leads the way into the kitchen.

JESSIE: I won't accept that she could be his mate. I will teach her. I go

into the kitchen and start to go through the cupboards,finding everything I need. I get to work I wash the arugula, basil, red ginseng root, the maca root and the white truffles and set about making a salad, I slice the roots thin, using the whole of the root, then I make up a dredge for the oysters,I take the ginseng root power, the maca root powder ashwagandha root powder mixed with a little flour salt pepper set it aside, I will fry the oysters tomorrow, and chop them up and then put them on the salad.I dress it with honey and balsamic vinegar. I cover the bowl and shake it up to coat everything. I then take Strawberries. I peel them, just using the red outer flesh and the seeds. Cherries, Figs, and Cinnamon, and make a smoothie. When I am done, I place everything in the back refrigerator. I plan on feeding it to Kes for the next 4 days, and by the time she is done eating all that she will be so frustrated that she will want to jump anything that walks, and if he truly is her mate he will have to take her, or she will literally jump anyone and then he will reject her too. I come back into the main part of the kitchen just as Liam and Janica come in from the pool."Hey." I say. "Hey.” They both say in unison. “What are you guys up to?"I asked. "James is having a meeting out by the pool, and he asked me to bring out snacks, so I thought I would show Janica where all the good snacks were kept." Liam says. “Why is James having a meeting out at the pool?" "I don't know, but that is where he is having his meeting."Liam says. "What's it about?""I think pack issues, because of Star leaving,who might be Beta, that kind of stuff." He says. “Oh, well, have fun."I say as I grab an apple and head back to the marquee, and wait until I have to head back down to the cells. I get a link from Dad."Jessie, come to my office.""Yes, daddy."I reverse my steps and head to his office.


DRAKE: I wait for Jessie; I hear the knock. "Come." I call out to her. Mly door opens, and she comes in and closes it behind her. "You wanted to see me?" "Yes, I have spoken to your brother, and we have decided, ive are changing your punishment. You will clean the torkure cells in the


morning, and when you shift, if or when your mate claims you, you will be able to leave early with him. Do you understand?" “Yes, daddy."“Good,you will be taken back down to the cells at 11 tonight, and every night until you shift." I tell her. She pouts at me, hoping to get me to change my mind. “I promise I will begood; I won't do anything anymore; can't I just stay in my room?" “No,you cannot, you thought it was funny that your sister had to spend a week in the cells, you are getting off easy.you only have a few nights in the cells, granted you have to clean them,but she had to work for 2 months for Mr. Rickman, consider yourself lucky that we are going to let you go when your mate claims you, and not tell him/her what you have done here." I tell her. "Yes, daddy." She says,sounding dejected. "You can go now." “Yes, daddy.” She gets up and walks out the door.


JESSIE: Now for sure she is getting that salad, and I will top it with pumpkin seeds, Pomegranate seeds, sliced almonds, chopped walnuts,and I am going to put dark chocolate in it and ashwagandha root powder in that smoothie too. Bitch!


KESKA: Now that Janica is out of the way, Corla takes some of the pool water,about what would fill a 5-quart pail, and holds it over James's head,then, splash, she lets it go. I couldn't help but grin at that. The rest of the group burst out laughing at James. "What the?""Corla wanted to see if you could take as good as you gave." I tell him. “How is that even possible?" He asked. (I am elemental, I control water and fire. I will wait for your mate to see you all wet before I dry you.) She tells him."Gee,thanks, Corla." |Don't be sarcastic with me, or you will stay wet for the rest of the evening, so long as I am near water, you will not be dry.) she xells him, "Sorry," He says. I watch his eyes glaze over. I just wait. Liam and Janica come back out shortly with the requested anacks. "What happened to you?" Janica asked James. "Corla happened." Jamos eays. "
Who's Corla?" {“I am Corla."| My wolf says. {"I wanted you to see him all wet. I will dry him now."} and just like with Liam that time.she takes all the water that is soaked into his clothes and pulls it out and puts it back in the pool. "Thank you. Corla, I will endeavor not to be sarcastic with you in the future." James tells her. {“Welcome.") She says.“She sounds strange." Janica says. “I mean no disrespect to you. Corla." She is quick to add. Corla pushes forward some so that James and Janica understand that she is in control here. |"None taken, they say that I sound like the human cartoon Scooby Doo, only in a female voice and tone. I do not know. as I have not heard this cartoon.") She says. "Can we meet you?” Janica asked her. {“You have.") She tells her. "I'm sorry. I meant to say.can we see you?" {"If I show you.you will need to keep me a secret. I will one day show myself to the pack, but I will not do so until Jessie is gone.I will not let her hurt Keska again.") She tells them. "We understand completely." Janica says. \[“I will shift and show them."\] She tells me. So,I get up and go to the changing rooms,
###Chapter98

KESK A: I strip out of my clothes and shift, feeling that now familiar push as Corla takes control. She phases us out of the room and straight to Trever. Liam gets up and comes over to us,and starts to pet her."“I can't help it, she is so soft." He says. Corla nuzzles him. Trever too pets her.then Dutch and Mackie come over to pet her."Wow,she is soft, softer than anything I have ever felt before, and I have never seen a red wolf before either." Dutch says. Mackie nods in agreement."How did you get out of the closed room?" James asked. {"I phased.") She says. “Like Papa used to do." He whispers, with tears in his eyes. (“Yes.”) She says quietly."Can you do that with Keska too?" He asked, wiping the tears away. {“Yes."| She says again. Then she phases straight over to him and puts her head in his lap. He starts to pet her and just lets the tears fall. "I miss him.Kes." He says. "I do too, James." I answer him through Corla."If we are missing him, just think how Nana must feel; he was her mate." Itell him.“I know." He nods. "What else can you do?" He asked us. Again,wiping away the tears. ("We can walk on water.") She goes over to the pool and walks down the middle, the whole length of it. {"I can control fire, I would be able to walk through it, like I walked on the water."} “Can you conjure it?" He asked. {"No. Just control, the same with water, control, but not conjure.") She answers him. Then she phases back to Trever, and nuzzles him. He strokes her fur, curling his fingers in it. She licks his face.He smiles at her. “You are beautiful." He tells her. She just rubs her head into him. "Thank you, Corla, but I need Kes back now so we can finish our conversation." James says. She turns to look at him, nods, and phases us back into the changing room, shifts us back, and I get dressed and come out. As we walk out, James says, "Please phase back to your spot.I would Jike to see that." So, Corla phases us back to our seat. "You disappeared." He says. "I can't speak to that, I don't get to see thak, what I see is like looking through water in a fishbowl, skings are a lirtle
distorted. but I can see where I am and where I am going." I tell him.“Are you able to take someone with you?" he asked me. "Don't know. I haven't tried." I tell him. “Will you try, for me?" he asked. I walk over to Liam and take his hand and phase to the changing rooms and back.“Thank you." He tells me. “Welcome.” “But now back to Jessie." He states."Do we even know if her Mate is here?" I asked. “Colton's mate's brother seems very interested in her. I have caught him watching her every time she is around him." Janica says. “If he is, then he must be waiting for her to be 18 and shift before he steps forward to claim her." James adds."Hopefully, that is the case." I say. “But that gives Jessie 4 days to pull something." Liam says. "I will endeavor to continue to stay out of sight of her." I say. “But that's not fair to you, why should you have to keep dodging her?!" Liam states with a bit of anger in his voice. I get up and hug him."If it is going to help keep the peace,then I will do what I must,and just pray to the moon goddess that Wednesday gets here fast." I say to him. He wraps his arms around me and hugs me tight. "If anything happens to you again, I don't care if she is my sister I will beat her ass bloody!!" He states. "Liam!" I scolded himn. “No! I don't care.” Then he turns and looks at James, "And you won't be able to stop me either!" he states with conviction. “I wouldn't try, little brother, I wouldn't try.”James answers him."James! Don't encourage him with that kind of talk. It's exactly that kind of thing that Uncle Carson won't tolerate." I tell them both. “Sorry, Kes, but in this case I am with him 100%." James says.“Sorry,love, I can't fault him on that one either." Trever says.


MACKIE:"Face it, Kes, I don't think that any of us here would fault him.and some of us would probably join him."I tell her. “Jessie needs a wake-up call, what that is or will be, I have no clue, but I hope she gets it and soon, or whatever pack she ends up in is in for trouble." I state. She just shakes her head. "But it's late, and I for one am tired." I say. "Can we have another camp sleepover?" Liam asked. looking at Kes. "I don't care."
She says.“What do you mean, camp sleepover?" James says with a bit of suspicion in his voice, looking at the prince and Dutch. “Oh, please, little alpha,do you think anything would happen when the little one is around?"Trever says, looking back at him, and nods his head towards Liam.“We gave our word that we would wait, and we will." He says.

"Well, if we are going to have another camp sleepover over then we need to go get Kes's room ready." I say. Liam is the first one up and moving towards the door. We all chuckle at his enthusiasm.


JESSIE: Now I can't wait till morning, I am so looking forward to paying Kes back that I don't even care that I hnave to clean the cells. It's 11, and I see the guards coming to escort me back to my cell, and I see that Marla and Dedi are also in tow. I greeted the girIs with a hug and head towards the dungeon. with a smile on my face. "Did you find your mate's" I asked them.“Yes.” They both say. Mine is a warrior from Harvest Moon,Pack Marla says."Mine is a warrior form Dark Waters Pack," Dedi says.“Congratulations." I tell them both."Harvest Moon is Alpha Camron's pack;He seems to be a good alpha." I tell Marla. She nods. “Sorry, Dedi, I have no clue about Dark Waters." I tell her. “That's ok, I am just happy that I have my mate." She says. I nod my head. I am glad that my friends are getting out of here. I know that I will be getting out of here on Wednesday myself,and I can't wait.


KESKA: We get up to my room, and just like the night before, with the guys there to help, we get my room set up for the camp sleepover.Getting the beds moved and the extra bedding from the hall closet. Sending the guys to go change, Mackie and I changed and got ready for bed, I didn't feel as anxious this time around, and when Liam opened the door,I just waved the guys in. We all got into our places, but before I could turn out the light. "Canyou tell me about Papa?" Liam asked. "I can a little,buddy.but he died when I was 4." I tell him. "How did he die?" I take a deep
breath,because if what I remember is correct, that will be one more thing to turn him against Jessie, and I really don't want to do that. "It was a rogue attack; he was trying to save us."“How?""We were playing hide and seek. Papa and Nana lived closer to the wooded border back then,and we were told not to go into the woods behind the house, but Jessie didn't listen, and she went straight for the woods. We smelled them before we heard them, then we heard Jessie scream, Papa took off at a dead run straight to where we heard her scream from, he got to her before the rogues did, but he wasn't able to fight to the best of his ability, because he had Jessie in his arms trying to get back to the house, what and or how things happened I don't know, James and I were ushered into the house and into the safe room by Nana, and I think she went out to wait and wwatch for Papa to come with Jessie. Honestly, I think the only ones that truly know are Nana and Jessie." I tell him.
###Chapter99

KESKA:"How can Nana stand to look at Jessie, if she was responsible for getting Papa killed?" Liam says. “We don't know that for sure Liam." I tell him. "I don't think Jessie remembers, and Nana doesn't talk about it.It's got to be hard for her he was her mate, some people are surprised she is still with us. a lot of times when a wolf loses their mate it's hard for them to continue to keep on living. I for one am very grateful for Nana.she has helped me more than anyone else." I tell him."It's late, time for lights out." I say quietly. He just nods. I turn out the light and go lie down next to Trever. he just wraps his arms around me,and I fall asleep almost instantly.


JANICA: “What is a camp sleepover?" I asked James. "It's a co-ed group of people sleeping together as a group, around a campfire. So that everyone gets the heat of the fire, no tents, just sleeping bags and the fire.We did a summer in a human camp once,and we went for a hike out in the forest and stayed the night, our camp guide built a rather large fire, He dug a pit about 2' across and a foot deep, put stones around the outer rim of it and then we all had to partner up and go find fallen wood and sticks that we used for the fire." He tells me. "That sounds like fun." I say. “Maybe we can do that with the kids in the orphanage, and the younger pups." I say to him,"It can help teach them some survival skills, if they ever get caught out in a storm." I say. “Yes, it is something to think about incorporating into training." He says. “But come, it's late, and I'mtired.”I hold out my hand to him to go in and up to bed.


JESSJE: 5:30, and the guards are here to get us up to start our cleaning. I take the coveralls and the gloves and get to work on the torture cells. I use bleach and a pine cleaner to scrub every nook and cranny of all four walls and the floor. It smells horrendous, but when I get done cleaning. I can at
least breathe without gagging. I wait for the inspection. Then once that was done. I was escorted up to my room and left to clean up and get ready for the day. I hurry through my shower as I want to get to the kitchen to get that smoothie made and to make sure that it's ready for when Kes comes down for breakfast. I get the bullet blender out and put some ice in it and the other ingredients that I prepped last night and through it all in the blender and pulse it until it's all broke down and then I blend it up nice and smooth. I pour it in a glass over more ice add a couple strawberry slices to the top as garnish and wait till I see Kes and the rest of them come down. I put a note on the smoothie with Keska's name on it. And I head out to the marquee to get my breakfast and start the day.


KESKA: I am up at my usual time of 7:30. I head to the bathroom, take a quick shower, and get dressed. When I came out. I noticed Mackie was up,I signed to her (your turn.) so as not to wake the guys. When Mackie is done, Trever and Dutch are both awake. They, too, take turns using the bathroom and shower, by the time they are done, Liam still has not woken up. I gently shake his shoulder to gethim up. Once he is up. I get the guys to help put my room back to rights, and we go directly to the pack dining hall, get a plate, and get in line to get breakfast. I get to the beverage station, and one of the omegas hands me a smoothie.“What's this?”I asked, “I believe it's a smoothie, it was in the kitchen with a note,which had your name on it." She says. "Thank you." I take it and go find a table away from the entrance of the marquee. I wait for Mackie to join me. The guys just come and sit with me. "You know you can join your brothers and their mates in the marquee."I say to them. "We could, but I would rather be with you." Trever says. I blush at his words; I don't know if I will ever get used to him flirting with me.

TREVEB: I can't get over the way she blushes; it is so adorable. "What's
this. a smoothie for breakfast?" I asked her, and I stole a spoonful of it. It tasted a little strange to me. "I think something is off in this." I say to her.I watched as she tasted it. "Not my favorite, not super crazy about figs,but not too bad." She says. "You can tell what's in it?" I asked her. “I like most fruits. so I try to pick them out when I have something like this."She says. "Ok,so what's in it?" “Strawberries, cherries, figs, cinnamon,and honey in a yogurt base." She says. I take another spoonful and let it sit in my mouth to try and pick up the fruits she said were in it. I can taste the figs and strawberries right off. but it takes me a bit to get the cherries and honey,but they finally come through. "Not bad, I guess. Did you ask for this, though?”“No,but sometimes Sarah wvill make me one just because."She says. "Is it always this?" I asked her."No this is the first time for this one, but she will mix things up for me to guess what she put in them.”She says. I nod. "So, what are we going to do today?" I asked her."Well,I want to go see Ailea, and try to get things sorted for her, and go to the range, and practice our aikido, and maybe hit the obstacle course and get a driving lesson." She says."What would you be doing if this ball weren't going on?”I asked her. "Pretty much the same, except for the Ailea thing,and we would probably be working at the restaurant, so that would take up most of the day." She says. I nod in understanding. “You still haven't told me what you and Liam were talking about yesterday morning." I say to her. "I hope you are good at signing because that is the only way I will tell you, as nobody here but us knows how to sign, and what I say will get me into bigger trouble than Jessie is in right now." She whispers to me.“Well then, let's get whatever you want to get and head out togo see Ailea."I whisper back to her. She nods her head. When we finished eating. Kes and Mackie stacked our dishes and took them into the kitchen. When they come out, Kes heads to the front hall closet. I notice that she has an insulated bag and a large backpack.
###Chapter100

KESKA: “Liam, packduties await." I say, he nods, and heads out back to the bikes. I turn to the rest of us. "I want to get just a few groceries for them."I whisper to them. They nod, and we head out to Nana's to get the car to head into our shopping district. I link Nana. *“Nana, I am coming to get the car. I have a bit of shopping I need to do." “Do you need Stephen?”“No.Trever and Dutch are here with us." “Alright, dear, just be careful. and drive safe."* I close the link, get the keys from the hiding place in the garage. get the car, and head out for our day. I drive to the grocery store, I pick up eggs, milk, bread, cheese, and the camnping set of salt and pepper. I pay for the items, head back to the car, and have Mackie drive back. We get the car parked back at Nana's. I leave everything in the cold bag and pack that in the backpack, then we head over to the woods in a leisurely manner, in case anyone is watching us, it looks as if we are just going to take a hike in the woods. I sign to them that I don't want to shift today and just walk. We get farther into the woods, and I make sure that I have Trever's attention, and I begin to sign to him. ("Mackie and I have a blood oath.”)"What!" he exclaims out loud.This is why I waited until we were a bit deeper into the woods.I stopped walking and looked at him. "Sshh” I shush him. I then hold out my hand and show him the scar at the base of my thumb. ("This is what Liam and I were talking about; he wants to do it too.") (“How is it possible that the two of you were able to do this?") Hesigns back. ("We are in the same pack, so we both answer to my father, but she answers to me first,then father, and as we both get ignored, it was easy.") I sign to him.(“But Liam doesn't get ignored, so it won't be so easy with him, but he is insisting,") ] sign. ("Wait,what do you mean, Liam wants to do it too?")Mackie signs to me. ("He got curious when I got stabbed, why you knew first and nobody else did.") I sign. ("So, I told him he promised to keep it secret, but he is insisting on joining us,") I sign. I hear voices in the
distance, and I stop to listen. The others stop to listen as well. I then take off at a dead run, I need to get to the cabin before anyone realizes someone is there. The rest of the group started running with me. We make it to the cabin, and I knock “Ailea." I call softly. She opens the door a crack and sees that it's me and lets us in."How are you doing?" I asked her,she seems a bit calmer today than she was yesterday. She just gives me a small smile and nods. “Do you think that you can tell me what happened?"I asked her. I hand her the backpack and let her put the things away that I bought her. She sets the pack on the table and pulls everything out. Then busies herself with putting things in the fridge. Then.with a sigh, she sits at the table and looks at me. "The person that was traveling with me was a dear friend, we grew up together,when I was raped he was the only one that stuck by me." She says softly."We left our pack because the Alpha didn't believe that his Gamma's third born would rape me, but he was obsessed with me, why I don't know, I never talked to him, he was ranked, I am just an omega, I worked in a laundry, helping with the drycleaning, so it's not like our paths crossed." She says with tears in her eyes. "Who were the men who were surrounding you?" Trever asked her softly. "Chad's goons." "What pack are you from?" I asked her."Stone Claw." She whispers. Just then, we hear the voices from earlier. I get up,"Stay here." I say to her and head to the door. I open it and see 4warriors walking towards the cabin. I leave the door just slightly ajar, in case I need to make a hasty entrance back inside or the guys need to come out. All of a sudden, I hear one of them say mate and head straight for the door of the cabin. I hear mate from inside the cabin. I know better than to get in the way of mates, so I open the door a bit wider and let the warrior in. The guys stand back and let them see each other. I step in between the rest of the warriors. "Gentlemen, let them get acquainted.”I say as I close the door a bit behind me. The men look at me. "Who are you?”one of them asked me. "I am Keska. 3rd-born alpha of Blue Crescent Pack, What Рacks нте you from?" I ask them, Ms A smell two
different packs from them. "“Midnight Sky." Two of them say. "Harvest Moon." The third one says. "Is the one inside from your pack as well?"「ask him. "Yes." He says. I nod. “I would like you to link your alpha,please. Tell him that Keska would like to speak with him,and have him come here." I tell him. "Who are you to request an audience with a sitting alpha?" he asked me with a bit of skepticism in his voice. “Did you see your alpha with a black eye about 2 months ago?" I asked him. I watch him pause as he tries to remember. "Tell you what, link him, ask him, and see what he has to say. I'll wait." I say to him, as I watch his eyes glaze over. When he is done, his attitude has changed. "Well, did you ask him to come?" "I did I will send him the coordinates." He says. I nod. "I am going to go check on them. Please wait here." I say to them. I head back inside. I see Ailea sitting at the table and her mate sitting across from her.“Ailea, are you ok?”I ask her. She looks up at me and nods her head.“I am ok, but there will be trouble if I go with them, Chad won't stop coming after me." She says. "Hey, one step at a time, Alpha Camron is on his way,and we will go from there." I tell her. She just nods at me. "How do you know my alpha?" the warrior asked. "It's a long story, and I will let him tell it if he is so inclined." I say. We only have to wait about 15 minutes,and Alpha Camron knocks on the door of the cabin. I go to the door and open it all the way so that everyone can see inside. “Hi.” “Keska, Mackie,”he greets us with a nod of his head. "So, what's going on that I have to come all the way out here?" He asked. "A long story, and one that I need you to keep secret from Father." I tell him. He looks at me and then lets out a hearty laugh. "What's one more secret?" he says. I just smile at his words.











