 ###Chapter 1

    1 

    Mnie Smith went to pick up Eugene Scott as soon as the banquet was over.

    She pushed open the private room door and bumped into a youngdy.

    The youngdy was pleasing to the eye. She had fair skin, bright eyes, and straight teeth.

    Mnie recognized that she was the new intern from the secretary’s office.

    When Vi Shaw looked up and saw Mnie, she panicked for a moment before she murmured, “Hi, Mnie.”

    Mnie brought in some of the cold air from outside. She was gorgeous, but she did not smile often, so she looked unapproachable.

    She hummed lightly and scanned the private room before her gaze fell back on Vi. She asked calmly, “Where is Eugene?”

    Vi was a little flustered at the mention of Eugene’s name.

    She raised her eyes uneasily to nce at Mnie. Her voice was so soft that Mnie could barely hear her over the loud music in the private room.

    Vi replied, “Mr. Scott went to buy me a drink.”

    Mnie cocked an eyebrow and scrutinized Vi.

    Mnie had been with Eugene for so many years, but he had never bothered to do anything. for her.

    Last month, Mnie rear–ended someone and sprained her left wrist, making it inconvenient to do anything. But Eugene did not even offer to get her a ss of water.

    Vi panicked under Mnie’s gaze. She gripped her clothes tighter and said in a restrained voice, “Mr. Scott should be back soon.”

    Mnie said nothing.

    She went to Hearth City for an impromptu meetingst week and hurried back today to attend the Scott family’s dinner.

    Eugene did not have a good rtionship with his family, so Mnie always went to the Scott family’s dinners on his behalf.

    The two women at the door attracted the attention of other people in the private room. The lights were dim, so they could not recognize Mnie.

    A man joked, “Ms. Shaw, your beloved Mr. Scott has only been gone for a short while. Why did you have to wait for him at the door? You can chat with the two otherdies in this room.”

    The man’s voice was loud, so Mnie could hear him clearly.

    Vi tensed up and exined to her awkwardly, “Mnie, they’re just joking. This is the first time Mr. Scott has taken me out to this kind of party. He’s just looking out for me.”

    Mnie did not know whether Vi was dimwitted or just pretending not to understand the situation.

    The people in this room were all Eugene’s friends.

    Moreover…

    Mnie raised her eyes to look at the person who spoke.

    She could tell from his tone that he had epted Vi into his circle.

    When Eugene introduced Mnie to these people for the first time, they did not treat Mnie so well. They gave her the cold shoulder and left her alone.

    These elitists in Jepton looked down on outsiders. If Eugene had not told them to be nice to Vi, they would not have epted her so easily.

    Mnie could not help butugh at herself. She had been with Eugene for many years, yet she was not treated nearly as nicely as Vi, the intern.

    She averted her gaze and decided to wait for Eugene in the parking lot.

    As soon as she turned around, she saw Eugene walking over from a distance.

    The cor of his ck shirt was open, and the sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, revealing his strong forearms.

    In the bar’s chaotic environment, Eugene gave off an air of nobility that could not be tainted. The only thing that stood out about him was the carton of milk he was holding.

    It did not seem like something he would drink.

    Mnie’s gazended on the box of milk, which was handed to Vi.

    Eugene said, “What are you doing out here? Didn’t I ask you to chill with them for a while?” Vi squeezed the box of milk. Her ears were pink from embarrassment. She whispered, “I wanted to go to the bathroom, but I didn’t expect Mnie toe.”

    Only then did Eugene notice that Mnie was there. Even so, he quickly turned his gaze back to Vi. He was holding a piece of toffee candy, which he gave to Vi. “I picked it up when I bought the milk.”

    Vi looked ttered as she epted the candy.

    Eugene then turned to Mnie and asked, “Did you drive here?”

    Mnie wanted to say, “Didn’t you ask me to pick you up?”

    However, she swallowed those words and nodded silently.

    “Send Vi back first.”

    Vi stayed in a youth apartment to the north of the city. It was in the opposite direction of the high–end neighborhood where Mnie and Eugene lived.

    Mnie had to drive to the other side of the city just because of Vi.

    She was exhausted because she had just returned from a business trip.

    However, when Eugene followed Mnie home, she understood what he wanted.

    Although they lived in the same building, Eugene never set foot in Mnie’s house unless he had biological needs.

    When Eugene hugged her slender waist from behind, Mnie lowered her head and focused on Eugene’s muscr arms and beautiful hands.

    After a quick romp, Eugene took a shower and got dressed.

    He never stayed the night with Mnie.

    This was also the reason why Eugene bought this house for Mnie in the first ce.

    Mnie squinted her eyeszily. “Do you like that intern?”

    Eugene continued to dress himself and replied calmly, “She’s very obedient.”

    Mnie sneered.

    There were so many more obedient women out there, but none of them ever caught his attention.

    She nced at Eugene’s sculpted abs and asked in a yful tone, “If she’s so obedient, why did you have to hold back for so long?”

    Eugene stopped moving. His dark eyes turned to Mnie. After a while, he slowly frowned.

    “She’s such a good girl that I can’t bear to hurt her.”

    The smile on Mnie’s face slowly faded because she realized that Eugene wanted Vi. He just could not bear to hurt her.

 ###Chapter 2

    2 

    The next day, Mnie saw Vi being reprimanded at the office.

    Vi also noticed Mnie, but she quickly looked away.

    Mnie paused and went straight into the president’s office.

    Al noon, Mnie was surprised to hear the news of Lisa’s dismissal.

    Lisa was the deputy director of the secretary department. She was the one who hard time that morning.

    gave

    Vi a

    In the afternoon, Mnie saw Vi in the president’s office.

    Vi stood there timidly with an innocent look on her face as she said, “Mnie, Mr. Scott asked me to work in the president’s office.”

    Eugene was right. Vi was indeed obedient.

    Mnie flipped through the documents and raised her eyebrows. Even if she was sitting, she still exuded an oppressive vibe.

    She said in an indifferent tone, “What did Eugene want you to do?”

    Vi became more nervous. “He said that I could learn something from you.”

    Mnie closed the document, hummed slightly, and pointed to a desk. “You can sit there.”

    The secretaries in the president’s office were different from the other secretaries. There were only three of them, including Mnie.

    Now that Vi joined the team, there was only one desk left in the most secluded position.

    Vi’s face stiffened, but she quickly adjusted her mood.

    Seeing that she was hesitant to speak, Mnie asked, “Is there anything else?”

    Vi bit her lip and shook her head. “No. Thank you, Mnie.”

    Mnie looked at her thoughtfully and suddenly said, “How far have you progressed with Eugene?”

    Vi was shocked, as if she had been caught red–handed. She widened her eyes in fear and exined uneasily, “There’s nothing between us. Mr. Scott is just a good boss. Mnie, don’t get the wrong idea.”

    Everyone in LeapCo knew that Mnie was more than just Eugene’s secretary.

    Privately, many of them spected when Mnie would be the officialdy boss of LeapCo. 

    Mnie’s expression remained indifferent. She looked at Vi and said, “Don’t be nervous. I just want to remind you that Eugene’s interest in you won’tst more than a month.”

    Vi bit her lip. Her eyes suddenly turned red, making her seem like a frightened and pitiful

    rabbit.

    Mnie frowned slightly. Just as she was about to speak, she heard footsteps approaching

    from behind.

    Then Eugene’s cold voice sounded. “Vi.”

    Mnie looked up and saw Eugeneing over. He was tall with great posture, and he carried such grace in his gestures.

    Vi sniffed and did not raise her head. She said in a muffled voice, “Hi, Mr. Scott.”

    Eugene paused and lowered his eyes to look at her carefully. Vi kept her head low and avoided his gaze.

    He did not have much patience, so he frowned and said in a deep voice, “Raise your head.” Mnie sat there and watched them calmly. Vi raised her head in response and revealed her red eyes and aggrieved face.

    Eugene narrowed his eyes, nced at Mnie, and tapped the table. “Exin this.”

    Mnie’s expression remained indifferent. She raised her eyes to look at Vi and asked, ” Exin this?”

    Vi’s eyes turned redder.

    She stretched out her hand and carefully tugged at the corner of Eugene’s shirt. “No, Mr. Scott. My contacts were just irritating my eyes. It has nothing to do with Mnie.” Mnie’s eyesnded on Vi’s hand, which was holding the corner of Eugene’s shirt. Eugene never liked others touching him.

    Vi also realized that it was inappropriate to tug on her boss’ shirt, so she immediately let go. Mnie also looked away.

    Mnie picked up the invitation on the table and said, “Heron Corporation is hosting a party for the chairman’s son. It’ll be held at…

    Before she finished speaking, Eugene interrupted her, “Just go by yourself.”

    Eugene turned around and went to his office, taking Vi with him.

    Mnie lowered her head and put the invitation away. She could still hear Eugene’s indifferent voice talking to Vi. “Don’t be afraid of her.”

    Mnie did not think that she was so frightening. However, she wanted to ask about what happened to Lisa.

    Lisa was the deputy director of the secretary’s office. She was very capable, but she was suddenly fired.

    Mnie turned to look into the office through the ss wall. Vi was standing in front of Eugene with a red face. Thus, Mnie decided that it would be better to find another time to ask Eugene about Lisa’s dismissal.

    Vi stayed in Eugene’s office for more than an hour beforeing out.

    When she came out, she blushed and greeted Mnie before returning to her desk.

    Vi was just an intern, so she was not qualified to work in the president’s office.

    However, Eugene insisted on keeping Vi, so Mnie had no choice but to arrange work for

    her. 

    Vi looked at the French contract that Mnie handed her with an awkward expression. She

    did not ept it.

    Mnie’s voice was cold and detached as she asked, “You don’t know French?”

    Vi bit her lip. Her pretty face flushed in embarrassment.

    She sa

    in a soft voice, “I don’t know French.”

    Mnie nodded in understanding and handed her another report. “Do you know Excel? Tabte this.”

    Vi was even more embarrassed. Her voice was as soft as a mosquito. “Thank you, Mnie.”

    When Mnie went to see Eugene with the invitation, he was in the middle of a video conference, so he raised his hand, signaling her to wait.

    Mnie stood nearby and noticed a rabbit toy next to Eugene’sputer.

    The workmanship was rough, and it looked a bit old. It was clearly a girl’s toy.

    The toy stuck out like a sore thumb in the gray office.

    Eugene ended the meeting, raised his eyes, and asked her, “What’s the matter?”

    Mnie came to her senses and handed over the invitation. “Heron Corporation is a business partner, so it’s best if you can show up to this party in person.”

    Eugene nced at the gilded envelope with a hint of displeasure on his handsome face,

    Mnie wanted to persuade him, but Eugene suddenly looked at her and said, “Are you upset that I asked Vi to shadow you?”

    Mnie remained calm. “There’s nothing to be upset about.”

    “Good.” Eugene casually pulled out a ck card and handed it to her. “You should attend Heron Corporation’s party and prepare a nice gift.”

    “What about you?”

    Eugene said, “I have something to do.

    14 

    Mnie took the bank card and left. As soon as she stepped out, Eugene stopped her.

    He stared at her threateningly. “Vi is different, so don’t touch her.”

    Mnie could tell that it was a warning.

    That evening, Mnie knew what Eugene meant by saying Vi was different.

    Mnie attended Heron Corporation’s party. She was halfway there when she realized she had. forgotten her phone, so she went back to the office to get it.

    As a result, as soon as she walked into the office, she heard a girl’s cuteughter.

    Vi sat next to Eugene in the secretary’s office outside the president’s office.

    Eugene’s hands were on the keyboard, clicking away.

    Mnie stood far away. However, the office was quiet, so she could clearly hear Vi’s

    job, but I still couldn’t do it well. Now I’m dragging you into working overtime with me.”

    Eugene stopped typing on the keyboard and replied casually, “Don’t worry. She used to be dumber than you.

 ###Chapter 3

    3 

    Mnie looked at Eugene and Vi quietly.

    It turned out that Eugene skipped Heron Corporation’s party because he wanted to work overtime with Vi.

    Mnie calmed her emotions and proceeded to retrieve her phone as if nothing had happened.

    Only then did Eugene and Vi notice her presence.

    Vi immediately looked nervous. “Mnie, I will definitely get the work done today.”

    “Okay.” Mnie picked up her phone from the desk. “You can certainlyplete it with Mr. Scott’s help.”

    Mnie was right. It was easy for a big boss like Eugene to do these menial tasks.

    However, Vi’s face turned a little pale.

    Eugene looked up at Mnie. “Why haven’t you gone over yet?”

    Mnie raised her phone and said, “I forgot this, so I came back to take it.

    11 

    Heron Corporation’s party was held at the Jepton Hotel. The guests in attendance were all familiar faces.

    Someone saw Mnieing alone and went over to ask when Eugene would be arriving. 

    Mnie easily came up with an excuse. “He has a meeting tonight that he can’t miss, so he wille over as soon as possible.”

    Everyone knew that this was just an excuse.

    However, Eugene really showed up.

    Halfway through the party, Eugene walked in with Vi.

    He looked dapper, and she was adorable. They made a cute couple.

    One of the elite women who were talking to Mnie signaled to her back and asked, “Who is that girl with Mr. Scott?”

    The moment Mnie saw Vi, she tightened her grip on the wine ss.

    Eugene also noticed Mnie. As soon as their eyes met,

    soon as their eyes met, Mnie understood what he wanted.

    Mnie responded to the woman and walked toward Eugene.

    “Why didn’t you tell me you wereing?” Mnie asked casually while holding the wine ss.

    “I just wanted to show her what it’s like here.” Eugene’s eyes fell on Vi, who was beside. him.

    Vi immediately felt embarrassed. She had a baby face and an overly thin body.

    When she looked up at someone, she always looked so innocent.

    “Mnie, I’ve never attended such a party before, so I followed Mr. Scott here.”

    Mnie nodded. Someone happened to see Eugene and came over to talk to him.

    “I was just asking Ms. Smith about you, Mr. Scott. I thought you wouldn’te.”

    Eugene kept his greetings brief, and Mnie was by his side to keep the conversation flowing, so it was quite pleasant.

    Vi, who was next to Eugene, could not join in any conversation.

    Vi quietly raised her eyes to look at Mnie and noticed howposed she was when socializing and dealing with everyone who came to say hello. Mnie was wless.

    Mnie noticed how ufortable Vi was and raised her wine ss to signal her. “It wille naturally to you if you socialize more in the future.”

    Vi nodded. “Thank you, Mnie.”

    Eugene heard their voices and looked back at Vi. “What’s wrong?”

    Vi forced a smile. “It’s nothing.

    Eugene said, “I can take you home if you feel ufortable here.

    eyes 1

    arched into little crescents. The next second, she asked, seemingly in

    a dilemma. “Is it too much trouble? I can go back by myself.”

    Mnie stood there silently and watched as Eugene left with Vi.

    When Eugene left, he did not even nce at Mnie. Only Vi said goodbye to her.

    The other bosses who had just spoken to Eugene came up to Mnie and asked, “Ms. Smith, who is that girl? Why does Mr. Scott look at her like she’s a treasure?”

    This question was subtle.

    Most people in the business world knew about Mnie and Eugene’s rtionship. However, Eugene now brought another girl with him to a party. Judging from Eugene’s actions, he liked that girl.

    The people around Mnie looked at her with a strange gaze.

    Mnie drank alcohol, so she could not drive and had to call for a driver.

    It was already past midnight when she got home.

    As soon as she opened the door, she saw someone sitting in the living room.

    Mnie kicked off her high heels and went to her bedroom without turning on the lights.” I’m very tired today.”

    Eugene’s refreshing cologne was mixed with a bit of a sweet strawberry scent, which was particrly obvious in the dark and cramped space.

    It was Vi’s scent..

    Mnie stiffened, then stepped aside. “Did you send Ms. Shaw back?”

    “Yeah.” Eugene’s voice was deep without much emotion. “She still doesn’t know anything.

    yet.”

    “That’s true.” Mnie did not change her tone. “So how long are you nning to y with

    her this time? One month or three months?”

    Mnie had been with Eugene since she was 18 years old. It had already been 8 years, so she knew Eugene well enough. 

    After she finished speaking, she realized she had made a mistake.

    “She’s clueless, so teach her. Don’t make her feel inferior to you.” Eugene sounded helpless. 

    Mnie’s heart sank when she heard this.

    She asked, “Eugene, do you really like her?”

    “I told you. She’s very obedient.” Eugene answered without hesitation. He even added, “It’s not a bad idea to date her.”

    Mnie was silent for a while before she asked calmly, “What about me?”

 ###Chapter 4

    What about Mnie?

    What did the eight years between Mnie and Eugene mean?

    Mnie waited patiently for Eugene’s answer. Her breathing became much lighter.

    Eugene’s tone was the same as before–firm and indifferent. “You know that you’re not my type.”

    That was true. 

    Aside from Eugene’s short period of abstinence in the beginning, the women he dated were all very different from Mnie,

    Eugene liked obedient women, but he did not like Mnie, who was obedient to a fault.

    Mnie’s eyes were emotionless in the darkness.

    Her voice was as cold as ever. “Are you staying here tonight?”

    Eugene stood up and took his coat with him. “Forget it.”

    Mnie did not know if Eugene meant that she should forget about their rtionship or just tonight.

    When she arrived at the office the next day, Vi’s desk was moved next to hers.

    This position had a full view of the president’s office.

    Vi greeted her. “Good morning, Mnie.”

    Mnie put her bag away and noticed the delight in Vi’s eyes. She asked casually, “Why didn’t you tell me yesterday that you didn’t like the position I arranged for you?”

    Vi was stunned and exined helplessly, “It’s not that I don’t like it. Mr. Scott just asked me to move over here. He said he wanted to supervise my work.”

    Her cheeks turned red again, but she soon realized that Mnie was still there, so she looked at little uneasy.

    Mnie felt that everyone viewed her as Snow White’s evil stepmother, deliberately bullying the pitiful Vi.

    She lowered her eyes.

    “Let’s get to work.”

    The news of Vi moving her desk spread quickly in the office. When Mnie went downstairs to deliver some documents, she heard a lot of gossip.

    Those people immediately shut up when they saw Mnie. They even exchanged nces.

    Mnie did not care. She just took her things and left.

    She went back to the president’s office to remind Eugene that he had to meet a client in a while.

    As a result, as soon as the elevator door opened, she saw Eugene and Vi inside.

    Seeing her, Eugene and Vi were also stunned. Eugene said, “I’m going to see Mr. Young.”

 ###Chapter 5

    hapter

    Mnie nodded. “I’ll ask the driver to prepare the car.”

    “No need.” Eugene raised his hand and motioned to Vi. “Ms. Shaw will follow me.”

    Mnie held her breath. Then she nodded calmly. “The shareholders‘ meeting is at 3:00 p.m. </bter.”

    Eugene led Vi away.

    When the shareholders‘ meeting was about to start in the afternoon, Eugene and Vi were still not back yet.

    Mnie appeased the shareholders and left the conference room to call Eugene.

    The phone rang for a long time before it was answered. Mnie was about to ask Eugene when he would be back when she heard Vi’s soft voice instead. “Mnie, what’s the matter?”

    Mnie was silent for a moment. “Where is Eugene?”

    “He went to get some medicine for me.” Vi med herself. “I identally sprained my foot, so Mr. Scott took me to the hospital.”

    “Is it serious?” Mnie looked at the nts in the hallway and asked with concern.

    “Mr. Scott said it was serious.” Vi was young and naive. Her voice was soft and soothing.

    Mnie thought to herself, ‘No wonder Eugene likes her.‘

    Mnie said, “Please tell him that the shareholders‘ meeting is about to begin.”

    After she finished speaking, she heard another voice on the other end of the phone.

    Eugene said nonchntly, “Postpone the shareholders‘ meeting. Tell them that something urgent came up.

    Mnie stood in the corridor while Eugene hung up the phone.

    It was not until the assistant came out to call on Mnie that she rubbed her temples and walked into the conference room again.

    Mnie exined what happened to the shareholders. After sending them away, she received a call from Eugene’s mother, Ste, asking her to go to the Scott’s residence.

    Chagine t

    The Tire Tina Pusponu Songbir mun Socks Sie Sonnue

    Halllied mubar

    Tigerra somni Hoid it when, Yono agented with this daily soos muut, as he wootht not let

    an

    Mno nude art calli

    The time, Eugene and the gh he was putughing, and he t to be in a good mind.

    Modarrie paused for onde a moment before the wild merchntly. “You mund like you’re in a

    “you

    god mond

    “I am opere did non deny it, but he did mee wane Mnie to probe, so he suppressed hisughter and asked, “He ammething strong”

    wenng

    Mnie invernd her eyes. “Vast mother asked me to go to Scott’s residence noe **

    Pope said nothing. Mnie could bear Vi’s shriek from the phone. It sounded like she identally bumped into something:

    The red second

    age said before he hung up the phone. “Don’t ask me about this kind of

    thing in the future”

    Mnie stayed in the conference room for ten minutes before driving to Scott’s residence

    Exprar sand there was no need to ask him

    He probably forgot that whim Mnie went to Scott’s residence with him for the first time. Ste made things difficult for her Ste even poured a cup of boiling water over Mnie’s

    hand

    At that time. Eugene touched her ears tofort her and told her to be careful when meeting titelia in the future

    Mme pursed her lips. When the arrived at Scott’s residence, Ste was just seeing someone off. Mtor recognized the woman and greeted her with a smile

    Mnie was beautiful and capable The Scotts‘ family friends regarded Mnie as Eugene’s ate. After seeing bet friends off, Ste nced at Mnie from theer of her eyes. “Where’s Eugene Why didn’t hee with you?”

    Meiate and, “He’s busy”

    Ste scoffed, took out an invitation from the study, and handed it to Mnie. “Get Eugene to go to this banquet at the Latran Manor

    The bangunt at the tatman Manor was an exclusive event that every elite in lepton wanted to

    That was because the guests were dignitates and famous

    arrepted

    After Mnie agted the invitation, she had no choice but to go to Eugene Eugene heard about the situation and said that he would go to furt

    Thus, Mnie did not dare leave and waited in a cafe near Scott’s residence.

    Eugene came over quickly with a gloomy expression. He did not bother to hide his impatience. Mnie noticed an almost imperceptible pink stain on his white shirt.

    Her hand on the table clenched as she asked, “What would you like to drink?”

    “No need.” Eugene’s voice was extremely cold, as if he was frustrated with having to deal with official duties. “Give me the invitation.”

    Mnie took out the beautifully decorated invitation from her bag and handed it to him. “The banquet is at night on a weekend. Do you want a custom–made suit or something off–the–rack from the usual high–end brands?”

    She was meticulous and considerate, as she was used to arranging these trivial matters for Eugene.

    However, Eugene interrupted her. “Send the details to Vi. She wille with me this time.” Mnie reminded him, “The banquet at the Litman Manor is very important. I don’t think it’s appropriate to bring her along.”

    “I can take anyone with me.” Eugene did not give her a chance to speak again. He took the invitation and left.

    The phone he had been holding since he entered the cafe lit up with a notification.

    Mnie could not see the message clearly, but she saw a pink rabbit avatar.

    She withdrew her gaze and said nothing, acquiescing to Eugene’s request.

    Eugene was right.

    He was LeapCo’s boss, so many people wanted to curry favor with him. Naturally, he could bring anyone with him.

    Seeing that Eugene was about to leave, Mnie collected her things and prepared to go home.

    Before she stood up, Eugene suddenly stopped a few steps away and turned to look at her.

    His voice was cold and emotionless as he said, “Don’t call this number in the future. Call my work number instead.”

    Mnie had always used Eugene’s personal number to contact him because Eugene’s work number was always busy.

    Eugene frowned slightly and added, “I don’t want people to get the wrong idea.”

    Mnie knew who he was doing this for.

    She lowered her eyelids and nodded. “Okay, I understand.”

 ###Chapter 6

    The banquet was on the weekend. Eugene said that he would take Vi there, so Mnie did not interfere.

    She organized all the Information Into a document and emailed it to Vi.

    Vi was a new intern who had to work and read up on the banquet, so she was a little overwhelmed.

    Mnie recalled Eugene’s reminder, so she took the initiative to ask Vi, “Do you need help?”

    Vi was stunned. Mnie looked at her calmly and said, “There are many guests at the Litman Manor. I have sent the list to your email. Make sure you remember everyone’s preferences and remind Eugene when the time <bes.”

    Vi nodded repeatedly with a ttering smile on her face. “Thank you, Mnie.”

    “No problem. Don’t be too nervous.” Mnie added, “Eugene will take care of you.”

    Vi’s face turned red at the mention of Eugene. She bit her lip and returned to her desk with the document.

    Mnie did not say anything. She sent the information she had justpiled to Eugene’s work number.

    After Eugene reminded her, Mnie never contacted Eugene through his personal number again.

    She s

    sent him the document and scrolled down to realize that Eugene’s personal WhatsApp profile picture had been changed to a rabbit.

    It had only been a few days since Eugene took an interest in Vi.

    Mnie remembered when she wanted Eugene to change the gray avatar on his WhatsApp profile picture, but Eugene only said that it was too troublesome.

    In the afternoon, the front desk called and said that a client had just arrived, Mnie asked someone to get the conference room ready and went to inform Eugene.

    Eugene nodded and followed Mnie to the conference room.

    When he passed by Vi’s desk, he tapped on her desk and said in a low voice, “Come to the conference room.”

    Eugene’s intention to train Vi had spread throughout LeapCo. Everyone was secretly gossiping that Mnie had fallen out of favor.

    Mnie did not care much about these remarks. She followed Eugene to meet the client and whispered to Vi, “Go and bring some tea.”

    Vi brought over the tea. When she noticed how natural Mnie and Eugene were when dealing with the clients, her expression stiffened.

    After the client left, Vi said indignantly, “Mnie, Mr. Scott, I’m going back first.”

    Mnie looked calm.

    Vi nced at Eugene in frustration and turned away.

    Mnie and Eugene were left in the conference room. Mnie frowned and thought for at moment before she asked, “Have you thought it through? Do you really want to take her to the banquet?”

    “Why not?” Eugene rubbed his temples and said, “Get Lee to apany me to meet with clients from now on.”

    Lee was another secretary in the president’s office who had always been responsible for internal issues within thepany.

    Mnie understood this arrangement when she thought of Vi’s aggrieved and inferior look just now.

    She could not help but sigh. “You’re too kind to her.”

    Eugene did not deny it. “She’s young, so I have to protect her.”

    “Speaking of which…” Eugene thought of something and said to Mnie, “You should help her pick a dress. I’ll pay for it, but tell her that she can get a reimbursement from the

    Mnie never knew that Eugene could be so attentive. She nodded stiffly and replied, “I’ll ask her if she has any dresses that she likes.”

    When they were about to get off work, Mnie came back with several dresses of various styles, wanting to ask Vi if there was anything she liked.

    As a result, before Mnie entered the office, she heard Vi’s aggrieved voice saying, “Mr. Scott, you should just take Mnie to the banquet. I can’t do anything well. I’m afraid I’ll embarrass you.”

    Mnie stood at the door and did not walk in.

    Eugene said, “She’s just an employee, but you’re my girlfriend. Who do you think would embarrass me more?”

    Mnie lowered her eyes.

    It turned out that she was merely an employee in Eugene’s eyes. 1

 ###Chapter 7

    7 

    On the weekend, Eugene took Vi to the banquet. Mnie did not care much about it.

    When she went out in the afternoon, she met Eugene, who was also heading out.

    Eugene was wearing a shirt with the cor slightly open to reveal his sexy corbone.

    Coincidentally, Mnie was wearing a simple ck knee–length dress. Eugene’s shirt was also ck, so it looked a bit like a couple’s outfit.

    Mnie paused for a moment. She greeted Eugene as if nothing was wrong. “Are you going to the banquet now?”

    Eugene replied briefly with a bored expression.

    The elevator stopped on the first floor. Mnie left first because she had a dinner appointment with Lisa.

    Mnie wanted to ask Eugene why he fired Lisa before, but she did not get a chance to.

    Lisa and Mnie met at a sushi restaurant. When Lisa saw Mnie, she could not help but

    Back then, Vi had notpleted her work, so Lisa reprimanded her. But in the end, Lisa was used of bullying the intern.

    Mnie said, “Eugene treasures her, so it’s best not to offend her.”

    Lisa did not understand. “What does Mr. Scott see in her?”

    She felt sorry for Mnie. “I heard that Mr. Scott wants to train her now. Is that true?”

    Everyone in LeapCo saw how much Mnie had sacrificed for Eugene.

    Mnie was very hardworking. She was willing to go all out as long as it was a customer Eugene wanted to win over. Mnie would even drink until her stomach bled just to close the deal.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and sipped on her tea in silence.

    People in LeapCo said that Vi was the next Mnie, but Mnie did not agree with this saying.

    Eugene had trained Mnie since she was 18 years old. Mnie could now handle everything

    on her own.

    Vi was different.

    Eugene pampered Vi.

    He asked Mnie to teach Vi and did not hesitate to take Vi out in public, even though her knew that Vi was far from qualified.

    After parting ways with Lisa, Mnie was about to go home when she received a call from Eugene. His tone was grim as he said, “Come over to Jepton Hospital.‘

    When Mnie arrived, Eugene’s wrist was already bandaged. Vi sat aside, looking frightened with red eyes.

    Mnie kept walking and looked at Eugene’s wrist with a frown. “How did you get injured? Weren’t you going to the banquet?”

    Eugene was sitting in the emergency room with a glum face. “My car was rear–ended. The driver who caused the ident is still here.”

    “I’ll take care of it.” After Mnie finished speaking, she looked at Vi, who was still sitting beside Fugene. She asked with concern, “Are you injured?”

    Vi was stunned to see Mnie’s dress, which matched Eugene’s suit. Her eyes turned redder than before. She sniffed and shook her head. “I’m fine. Mr. Scott injured his wrist.”

    Her eyes fell on Mnie’s dress. Her lips moved, but she stopped talking.

    Mnie noticed Vi’s reaction, but she did not say anything else. She went over to talk to the driver who caused the ident..

    After Eugene was treated, Mnie went to the small supermarket in front of the hospital and bought two bottles of water and a pack of disinfectant wipes.

    She noticed that Eugene’s lips were a little dry earlier.

    Mnie walked back with the supplies, Eugene was resting his eyes, so Mnie was wondering if she should wake him up.

    “Mnie.” Vi nudged her elbow and whispered, “You can give those to me. I will give it to Mr. Scott when he wakes up.”

    Vi looked at Mnie with a forced smile. Although Vi’s voice was gentle, she could not help but stare at Mnie.

    im Bonus For Free Every Day 

 ###Chapter 8

    Before Mnie gave Vi the items, Eugene woke up.

    He said in a deep voice, “Is it solved?”

    “Yes. That driver has taken full responsibility and has contacted the insurancepany. Mnie walked straight to Eugene and unscrewed the cap of the water bottle she was holding before handing it to him.

    Her voice was a little softer than usual at work. “I have also contacted the person in charge of the banquet. I’ll send you hometer.”

    Mnie was thorough, attentive, and meticulous.

    Eugene sat there and drank the water. His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed.

    Mnie and Eugene looked so harmonious and natural that they seemed like the perfect. couple.

    Vi watched them silently for a while before she stepped forward.

    She lowered her head and med herself for what happened. Her voice wasced with some indistinguishable emotions. “Mr. Scott, I’m sorry. If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be hurt.”

    Eugene casually put the water bottle aside and waved to her. “Come here.”

    Vi hesitated for a moment before going over and sitting next to him.

    Eugene put his injured hand in front of her and said in a gentle tone, “Were you scared?”

    Vi did not speak and lowered her head.

    Eugene chuckled softly and gear lifted her head. He coaxed her. “I’m not scared, so what are

    you afraid of?”

    Vi puffed up her cheeks, red at him angrily, and mumbled, “I’m afraid you’ll be in pain.”

    Her voice was very soft, but Mnie heard it clearly.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and looked at the bottle of water that Eugene chucked aside.

    “Who is Eugene’s family?” The nurse from the emergency department came over with an X-

    film. She nced at the trio and looked at Mnie, handing over the X–ray to her.

    ray

    “This is an X–ray of his wrist bone. Take it to the doctor.”

    Vi, who was about to stand up, froze and slowly sat back down.

    She looked at Mnie with a forced smile, as if nothing was wrong-

    Mnie looked at Vi and was about to speak when Eugene casually said, “Take it to the doctor. I have something to say to Vi.”

    Vi stared at Mnie’s back, looking upset.

    Eugene asked in a low voice, “Why are you upset now?”

    “I just think that you and Mnie seem to be a better match.” After Vi finished speaking, she immediately shut up and looked at Eugene cautiously.

    This was a test. She wanted to hear Eugene’s answer.

    Eugene was silent for a moment. He sneered and answered casually, “Me and Mnie? I hate how boring and lifeless she is.”

    Vi blinked. Eugene said something to her, which made her smile innocently.

    Mnie stood at the corner. She wanted to give Vi the extra water bottle in her hand, but now her body felt frozen in ce.

    Eugene said that she was lifeless and extremely boring.

    There was nothing wrong with Eugene’s hand. He just needed to rest for a few days at most. When Mnie returned with the medicine, Eugene and Vi made up again.

    Vi could not conceal the joy in her eyes, which reminded Mnie that what she overheard earlier was real.

    On the way back, Mnie did not say anything. She sent Vi back home before driving Eugene back.

    The car stopped in the underground parking lot. Mnie took out the car keys and asked calmly, “Are you in a rtionship with her?”

    when Vi got out of the car earlier, Mnie saw her kissing Eugene’s cheek.

    Eugene did not deny it. “Yes.”

    “Since when?”

    “Just now.” Eugene added, “She was jealous of you, so I had to coax her.”

    Mnie clenched the car keys. “Why is she jealous of me?”

    Eugene looked at her ck dress and said, “Don’t wear ck anymore. It doesn’t suit you.”

    Mnie pursed her lips.

    Was it because it did not suit her, or was it because Vi did not like it?

 ###Chapter 9

    Jews of Eugene and Vi dating soon spread in LeapCo.

    Mnie no longer used the president’s exclusive elevator. Instead, she went to the office five ninutes early every day and used themon elevator with the ordinary employees.

    ‘hat was because Vi followed Eugene to and from the office.

    Jue to a traffic ident that morning, Mnie arrived a littleter than usual. When she got o the top floor, she bumped into Vi and Eugeneing out of the elevator together.

    ‘i held Eugene’s arm. She had a cute and shy smile on her face, but when she saw Mnie, he was stunned for a moment. Then she smiled sweetly and greeted her. “Good morning, Mnie.”

    Mnie nced at Vi’s hand that was holding onto Eugene’s arm and said lightly, Morning.”

    ‘i realizedter that she was still hugging Eugene’s arm. She stuck out her tongue, mmediately let go of him, and looked at him mischievously. “Oh, no! Mnie saw us. What hould we do?”

    ugene raised his eyebrows and nced at Mnie. “Whatever.”

    Mnie did not want to see them being intimate, so she turned around and went back to her esk. Her high heels made a crisp sound against the polished floor.

    he walked a few steps away and could still hear Vi’s coquettish voice saying, “Eugene.”

    lowever, at noon, Vi came out of Eugene’s office with a glum face. She stopped in front of Mnie, bit her lip, and said, “Mnie, Mr. Scott is looking for you.

    Tnie did not know why Eugene needed her because he had already assigned most of her work to Vi.

    eeing that Mnie did not move, Vi urged her. “Mr. Scott is waiting for you.”

    Inie was replying to an email from a customer. When she heard this, she looked up and aid, “If you can’t handle it, I can teach you. I’m a little busy now.”

    i got the wrong message and became even more upset.

    fter Mnie went to see Eugene, she realized why Vi looked so unhappy.

    lnie looked at the rabbit on the desk and quickly averted her gaze. She asked Eugene, ren’t you afraid that Vi will be jealous if you take me back to Scott’s residence?”

    agene’s father, Cedric, had an uing birthday party. Eugene’s mother, Ste,

    out her son dating Vi, so she asked Eugene to bring Vi home.

    heard

    CE

    gene raised his eyelids and looked at her. “My mother isn’t someone Vi can deal with.”

    So you want me to suffer in her stead?” Mnie asked.

    nie knew that Ste had high standards for her future daughter–inw because Mnie as humiliated when she went to Scott’s residence for the first time.

    But at that time, Eugene did not bother to prepare Mnie when he clearly knew that Mnie would not get away unscathed from such an asion.

    Mnie’s mouth twitched. “What if I refuse?”

    “You can.” Eugene did not care much. He spun the pen in his hand and ced it firmly on the table.

    Eugene said lightly, “As long as you think it through.”

    Only they understood the meaning of these words. Mnie was silent for a moment before she nodded. “Fine.”

    On Cedric’s birthday, Mnie went to the parking lot to wait for Eugene after work because they agreed to go there together.

    However, Eugene never came.

    Eugene did not respond to Mnie’s messages, so Mnie had no choice but to return to the president’s office when it was almost time for the birthday dinner.

    But no one was inside. Mnie’s face was glum as she asked another colleague who was still working overtime, “Where is Eugene?”

    The colleague was stunned for a moment. “Mr. Scott left with Ms. Shaw.”

    Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>>

 ###Chapter 10

    When Mnie arrived at Scott’s residence, dinner was about to begin.

    She handed the gift she prepared to the nanny and saw that Eugene was already seated.

    Eugene lowered his head and yed with his mobile phone. When he heard Mnie’s voice, he simply raised his eyelids.

    Cedric frowned and said in a stern voice, “Why did youe here? Eugene said you wouldn’te.”

    “I was stuck in traffic. Happy birthday, Uncle.” Mnie’s expression was wless. She smiled slightly and sat down in the empty seat next to Eugene, who was messaging Vi.

    Eugene noticed Mnie’s gaze, put his phone on the table, lowered his eyes, and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, “I thought you weren’ting.”

    Mnie said, “You asked me to wait for you in the underground parking lot.”

    Eugene paused. “I forgot.”

    He was very calm as he said, “It looked like it was going to rain, so I sent Vi home first. You have a car anyway.”

    “You didn’t reply to my message.” Mnie lowered her eyshes to conceal the emotions. swirling in her eyes. 

    Her voice sounded the same as usual, but her hands on the table were clenched tightly. “You didn’t answer my calls either. I thought you had something important to do.”

    It turned out that Eugene sent Vi home first.

    Many rtives came for Cedric’s birthday dinner, so Ste was busy greeting people and had no time to trouble Mnie. Mnie also did not want to get involved.

    When someone asked about Eugene’s marriage, Ste reluctantly looked at Mnie and said, Her? It’s too early to tell. Nothing mighte of it.”

    The rtives were surprised. “Haven’t Mnie and Eugene been dating for a few years? Why haven’t they decided to get married yet?”

    Even though these people knew that Ste looked down on Mnie, Mnie had been with Eugene for several years. Even Cedric had acquiesced to their rtionship, so they all thought that Mnie would marry Eugene.

    Ste was getting frustrated answering these questions, so she beckoned to Mnie.

    She looked at Mnie with a meaningful stare. “What is going on with you and Eugene?”

    What else could Mnie say?

    Ste knew about Vi’s existence, so Mnie could only tell the truth. “It’s still too early to discuss marriage. Eugene and I are focusing on our careers at the moment.”

    Mnie was ufortable conversing with Ste. She listened to some mocking statements before she could walk away with a stiff face.

    fer 10

    She had not gone far when she heard some rtives admonishing Ste. “You shouldn’t target her like that. What if she marries Eugene in the future?”

    Ste was fearless and said confidently, “She and Eugene can’t get married.”

    Mnie paused in her footsteps, then straightened her back and went to another corner of the living room.

    She went over and happened to see Eugene video–calling Vi.

    Eugene said in a low voice, “There’s no one else. I’m the only one here.”

    Mnie stood still and was about to turn around and leave.

    However, Vi had already seen Mnie and eximed. She said something that Mnie could not hear.

    Eugene looked back. His eyes were cold as he red at her. “Were you eavesdropping on me?”

    Mnie’s lips twitched. “I was just passing by.”

    After she finished speaking, she turned to leave, but Eugene grabbed her wrist.

    Eugene stared at her with dark eyes. Mnie thought for a moment and said, “I didn’t hear anything.”

    Only then did Eugene’s eyes move downward. His eyes were fixed on the bracelet on her right wrist.

    He frowned slightly. “Why are you still wearing it?”

    Mnie raised her wrist and said, “It’s a habit.”

    This was the bracelet that Eugene gave her when she was in college. It was not expensive, but Mnie always wore it.

    Eugene let go of her arm and said, “You should be tired of it since it’s been so many years.”

    (Cliopter 11

 ###Chapter 11

    hapter 11

    There was an underlying meaning in Eugene’s words. He was hinting that he was getting tired of Mnie.

    When it was time to leave, Cedric and Ste bid goodbye to everyone at the gate. Eugene saw Mnie’s car and said, “I won’t send you back because I have something to do tonight.”

    Mnie did not arrive with him anyway. She bit her lower lip and asked, “Are you going to find Vi?”

    “Yeah.” Eugene lowered his head and looked at his phone. “Her period came early, so she’s craving cake.”

    Mnie said, “You really care about her.”

    Eugene raised his eyebrows slightly. “I wasn’t bad to you either.”

    Indeed.

    To be fair, through all the years Mnie had been with Eugene, he had been very generous to her.

    Mnie nodded and did not refute. Then she greeted Cedric and drove away.

    When she met Vi at the office the next day, she noticed that Vi was wearing a diamond ne.

    Mnie’s sharp eyes instantly recognized that it was a new seasonal product from a brand that Eugene liked.

    During their lunch break, Mnie went to the pantry to get some water. As soon as she walked to the door, she heard voicesing from inside.

    Vi’s soft and cute voice was particrly prominent. “Don’t make fun of me anymore. It’s not good if others hear about this.”

    “Moreover….” Vi sounded a bit torn and distressed. “If Mnie finds out, she will be very angry, right?”

    At the mention of Mnie, the people around stopped joking. After all, Mnie always had a good reputation at LeapCo.

    Mnie stood at the door for a while and decided to go downstairs to buy a cup of coffee.

    She went to work as usual in the afternoon. That was when the project department gave Mnie a report.

    Mnie frowned deeper the more she looked at it. Finally, she closed the document and returned it. “This report is too confusing. Please redo it.”

    The department manager was stunned for a moment. Then he exined, “This report was given to us by the secretary’s office.”

    Vi, who was next to Mnie, paled and lowered her head. She muttered, “Mnie, I did the report.”

    Mnie frowned and scolded her. “You’re an intern, so you’re not ready to do a report like

    She had not gone far when she heard some rtives admonishing Ste. “You shouldn’t target her like that. What if she marries Eugene in the future?” 

    Ste was fearless and said confidently, “She and Eugene can’t get married.”

    Mnie paused in her footsteps, then straightened her back and went to another corner of the living room.

    She went over and happened to see Eugene video–calling Vi.

    Eugene said in a low voice, “There’s no one else. I’m the only one here.”

    Mnie stood still and was about to turn around and leave.

    However, Vi had already seen Mnie and eximed. She said something that Mnie could not hear.

    Eugene looked back. His eyes were cold as he red at her. “Were you eavesdropping on me?”

    Mnie’s lips twitched. “I was just passing by.”

    After she finished speaking, she turned to leave, but Eugene grabbed her wrist.

    Eugene stared at her with dark eyes. Mnie thought for a moment and said, “I didn’t hear anything.”

    Only then did Eugene’s eyes move downward. His eyes were fixed on the bracelet on her right wrist.

    He frowned slightly. “Why are you still wearing it?”

    Mnie raised her wrist and said, “It’s a habit.”

    This was the bracelet that Eugene gave her when she was in college. It was not expensive, but Mnie always wore it.

    Eugene let go of her arm and said, “You should be tired of it since it’s been so many years.”

 ###Chapter 12

    Mnie paused for a moment before she put her bag away, took off her coat, and asked calmly, “Are you here toin on behalf of Vi?”

    Otherwise, Mnie could not think of any other reason for Eugene to be here.

    Eugene raised his eyes and asked, “Why did youe back sote?”

    In order to revise Vi’s report, Mnie got off work half an hourter than usual.

    Mnie made herself a cup of tea to warm her stomach.

    Eugene was still looking at her. He was sitting on the sofa with his long legs stretched out. He looked so casual, as if he owned the ce.

    Mnie said, “I worked overtime, and it was raining outside, so I came home a littleter than usual.” 

    “You’re unhappy with Vi.” Eugene raised his eyebrows as he stated this.

    Mnie took a sip of tea and instantly felt much better. She was not interested in discussing Vi with Eugene. “Isn’t it enough that you’re happy with her? Does it matter what I think of her?”

    Her tone was not very pleasant as she added, “Why are you here?”

    Eugene’s phone, which was on the coffee table, rang. He lowered his eyes and sized

    and sized up Mnie.

    The next second, he looked away, picked up his phone on the coffee table, and responded to the message. His eyesnded on Mnie’s slim waist before he chuckled. “What do you think I’m here for?”

    They had a tacit understanding after so many years of being intimate.

    By the end of it, Eugene even carried Mnie to the bathroom to wash up. 1

    However, he left a lot of marks on Mnie’s body. Some of them did not fade the next day.

    Mnie thought that deliberately covering up would attract more attention, so she wore a simple long–sleeved shirt and high–waisted pants. She looked very smart and chic.

    Mnie did not notice that Eugene had identally given her a hickey on the side of her neck. However, others noticed it.

    Vi’s face was glum all day long, and she stared at Mnie from time to time.

    During their lunch break, Mnie could hear Vi and Eugene quarreling in the president’s office. Shortly after, Vi came out with red eyes and mmed the door shut.

    When she passed by Mnie, she paused and left in a huff.

    Mnie packed her things calmly because she had to meet a client in the afternoon.

    When Mnie came back from the client meeting, Vi’s eyes were still red.

    Mnie guessed that it was probably because of their quarrel.

    However, Mnie did not care and took a document to Eugene.

    She handed the file and said, “I need your signature.” 

    Eugene hummed, looked at her neck with a frown, and asked, “Why didn’t you cover it up? Do you want her to see it?” 

    Mnie said, “I didn’t notice.”

    She finally knew why Vi quarreled with Eugene. He was also looking for someone to me.

    Mnie offered, “I can exin it to her if necessary.”

    Eugene paused while holding his pen and sneered. He asked calmly, “How will you exin it?” 

    “I can tell her that I slept with someone else. It has nothing to do with you.”

    “Mnie.” After hearing her words, Eugene was silent for a long time. He looked at her expressionless face, which seemed as if she really did not care who she slept withst night.

    Eugene poked his inner cheek with his tongue and threw the pen on the table. He asked in a mocking tone, “Do you think that I’m just some random guy?”

 ###Chapter 13

    Mnie lowered her eyes. “I just don’t want her to overthink it.”

    Eugene picked up the pen, signed the document, and threw the document to Mnie without any emotion. “Okay. You can exin it to her yourself.”

    Mnie hummed and was about to leave with the document when Eugene stopped her. “From now on, get Vi toe to me.”

    Mnie paused in her footsteps. Eugene looked at her coldly and continued, “You don’t need toe here anymore.‘

    Somehow, Eugene managed to coax Vi. When Mnie saw them the next day, Vi was smiling again.

    Vi held Eugene’s arm and greeted Mnie without a suspicious gaze, unlike yesterday.

    Vi wore her emotions on her sleeve when chatting with her colleagues. They talked about rtionships and teased each other.

    Thus, what happened between Vi and Eugene spread throughout thepany. Even though Mnie was sitting there, the others still joked about her.

    Eugene probably assured Vi yesterday, so Vi was not as evasive as before and talked to Mnie.

    “Mnie, are you dating someone?”

    Mnie stopped clicking the mouse and looked up at her. “Did Eugene tell you?”

    “He didn’t.” Vi frowned slightly andughed. “He said it was your private matter. I just guessed it.”

    Vi looked straight at Mnie because the hickey was still visible on Mnie’s neck.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and looked at Vi calmly.

    Vi was clearly nervous and doubtful, as if she was afraid that she would not hear the answer she wanted.

    Mnie looked at her. Before Vi’s smile faded, Mnie said calmly, “Yeah, I have a boyfriend.”

    As soon as she finished speaking, the door of the president’s office opened, and Eugene walked out. He looked at Mnie indifferently.

    However, he averted his gaze a secondter.

    Vi smiled brightly, walked over, and held Eugene’s arm affectionately.

    “Eugene, I guessed it right! Mnie is dating someone.”

    Eugene lowered his head and hummed. He looked at Mnie and casually asked, “Since when?”

    Mnie’s body stiffened, but she answered, “A few days ago.”

    Vi took Eugene’s hand and asked in a low voice, “Can Mnie bring her boyfriend to the

    Mnie paused for a moment before she put her bag away, took off her coat, and asked calmly, “Are you here toin on behalf of Vi?”

    Otherwise, Mnie could not think of any other reason for Eugene to be here.

    Eugene raised his eyes and asked, “Why did youe back sote?”

    In order to revise Vi’s report, Mnie got off work half an hourter than usual.

    Mnie made herself a cup of tea to warm her stomach.

    Eugene was still looking at her. He was sitting on the sofa with his long legs stretched out. He looked so casual, as if he owned the ce.

    Mnie said, “I worked overtime, and it was raining outside, so I came home a littleter than

    usual.”

    “You’re unhappy with Vi.” Eugene raised his eyebrows as he stated this.

    Mnie took a sip of tea and instantly felt much better. She was not interested in discussing Vi with Eugene. “Isn’t it enough that you’re happy with her? Does it matter what I think of her?”

    ot very

    Her tone was not very pleasant as she added, “Why are you here?”

    Eugene’s phone, which was on the coffee table, rang. He lowered his eyes and sized up Mnie.

    The next second, he looked away, picked up his phone on the coffee table, and responded to the message. His eyesnded on Mnie’s slim waist before he chuckled. “What do you think I’m here for?”

    They had a tacit understanding after so many years of being intimate.

    By the end of it, Eugene even carried Mnie to the bathroom to wash up.

    She wore a

    However, he left a lot of marks on Mnie’s body. Some of them did not fade the next day.

    Mnie thought that deliberately covering up would attract more attention, so simple long–sleeved shirt and high–waisted pants. She looked very smart and chic.

    Mnie did not notice that Eugene had identally given her a hickey on the side of her neck. However, others noticed it.

    Vi’s face was glum all day long, and she stared at Mnie from time to time.

    During their lunch break, Mnie could hear Vi and Eugene quarreling in the president’s office. Shortly after, Vi came out with red eyes and mmed the door shut.

    When she passed by Mnie, she paused and left in a huff.

    Mnie packed her things calmly because she had to meet a client in the afternoon.

    When Mnie came back from the client meeting, Vi’s eyes were still red.

    Mnie guessed that it was probably because of their quarrel.

    However, Mnie did not care and took a document to Eugene.

    She handed the file and said, “I need your signature.”

    Eugene hummed, looked at her neck with a frown, and asked, “Why didn’t you cover it up? Do you want her to see it?”

    Mnie said, “I didn’t notice.”

    She finally knew why Vi quarreled with Eugene. He was also looking for someone to me.

    Mnie offered, “I can exin it to her if necessary.”

    Eugene paused while holding his pen and sneered. He asked calmly, “How will you exin it?”

    “I can tell her that I slept with someone else. It has nothing to do with you.”

    “Mnie.” After hearing her words, Eugene was silent for a long time. He looked at her expressionless face, which seemed as if she really did not care who she slept withst night.

    Eugene poked his inner cheek with his tongue and threw the pen on the table. He asked in a mocking tone, “Do you think that I’m just some random guy?”

    13 

    Mnie lowered her eyes. “I just don’t want her to overthink it.”

    Eugene picked up the pen, signed the document, and threw the document to Mnie without any

    emotion. “Okay. You can exin it to her yourself.”

    Mnie hummed and was about to leave with the document when Eugene stopped her. “From now on, get Vi toe to me.”

    Mnie paused in her footsteps. Eugene looked at her coldly and continued, “You don’t need toe here anymore.”

    Somehow, Eugene managed to coax Vi. When Mnie saw them the next day, Vi was smiling again.

    Vi held Eugene’s arm and greeted Mnie without a suspicious gaze, unlike yesterday.

    Vi wore her emotions on her sleeve when chatting with her colleagues. They talked about rtionships and teased each other.

    Thus, what happened between Vi and Eugene spread throughout thepany. Even though Mnie was sitting there, the others still joked about her. 1

    Eugene probably assured Vi yesterday, so Vi was not as evasive as before and talked to Mnie.

    “Mnie, are you dating someone?”

    Mnie stopped clicking the mouse and looked up at her. “Did Eugene tell

    you?‘

    “He didn’t.” Vi frowned slightly andughed. “He said it was your private matter. I just guessed it.”

    Vi looked straight at Mnie because the hickey was still visible on Mnie’s neck.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and looked at Vi calmly.

    Vi was clearly nervous and doubtful, as if she was afraid that she would not hear the answer she wanted.

    Mnie looked at her. Before Vi’s smile faded, Mnie said calmly, “Yeah, I have a boyfriend.”

    As soon as she finished speaking, the door of the president’s office opened, and Eugene walked out. He looked at Mnie indifferently.

    However, he averted his gaze a secondter.

    Vi smiled brightly, walked over, and held Eugene’s arm affectionately.

    “Eugene, I guessed it right! Mnie is dating someone.”

    Eugene lowered his head and hummed. He looked at Mnie and casually asked, “Since when?”

    Mnie’s body stiffened, but she answered, “A few days ago.”

    Vi took Eugene’s hand and asked in a low voice, “Can Mnie bring her boyfriend to the

    uing party? I want to see what kind of man Mnie is interested in.”

    Mnie frowned and was about to refuse when Eugene said, “Sure. I’m also curious who Ms. Smith is dating.”

    He did not give her a chance to refuse.

    They did not even tell her what kind of party it was and simply made a decision on her behalf.

    Mnie was not in a good mood. When she was driving home, she got distracted and did not notice that her gas tank was leaking until the traffic police stopped her at an intersection.

    She could not drive her car and had to get it towed by the service center.

    However, it was difficult to get a taxi here. Mnie waited on the roadside for more than ten minutes but could not get one.

    Seeing that her phone battery was about to die, she pursed her lips and called Eugene.

    However, an automated voice came through. “The number you have dialed is currently unavable.”

    Mnie paused, checked the number, and called him again.

    The automated message sounded again.

    Mnie did not give up. This time, she slowly typed in the familiar phone number before dialing.

    However, all she heard again was, “The number you have dialed is currently unavable.”

    Eugene was sitting on the sofa in a private room at GT Bar. He picked up a grape and slowly peeled it.

    He put the pulp onto a te with a fork and pushed it in front of Vi. “Eat this.”

    Vi looked at him shyly. “There are so many people here.”

    Eugene wiped his hands and leaned back on the sofanguidly

 ###Chapter 14

    14 

    Vi lowered her head and said shyly, “That’s not what I meant.”

    Someone cheered from the side. “Eugene, what’s wrong with you? Why are you acting all whipped now?”

    Eugeneughed heartily and looked at Vi with his dark eyes. He said nonchntly, “I gotta pamper my girl.”

    Theughter became even louder. Someone suddenly said, “I used to think that Eugene’s type was Mnie.”

    The private room became quiet, and the smile on Vi’s face froze. She bit her lip and looked at Eugene.

    Eugene’s expression did not change at all. He lookednguid and rxed as he lowered his eyes and said calmly, “I don’t like her. She was the one who clung to me.”

    After he finished speaking, that person added, “We have never seen Eugene change his phone number for anyone. Girl, you’re a special one to him.”

    Eugene frowned. “Who are you calling your girl? Watch it.

    After joking for a while, someone suddenly said, “By the way, Stephen York ising overter. Eugene, do you know that Stephen is back in Jepton?”

    Vi was curious and asked Eugene quietly, “Who’s Stephen?”

    Eugene replied, “just a friend.”

    Vi nodded obediently and retreated to the side. If she read Eugene’s expression correctly, Eugene was a little hostile when he said that.

    Vi kept up her good–girl act for so many years, so it came naturally to her.

    However, when she nced at Eugene, who was next to her, her heart started pounding.

    Vi knew that Eugene was out of her league, especially when shepared herself with a capable woman like Mnie.

    However, when she thought of Mnie, she thought about what Eugene said earlier. He did not like Mnie. It was Mnie who clung to him.

    Vi felt an inexplicable sense of superiority in her heart. No matter how capable Mnie was, Eugene still chose Vi.

    Eugene even changed his personal number because Vi was unhappy with it. He also told everyone except Mnie.

    Vi was still immersed in her smug thoughts when the person she despised appeared at the

    door.

    Mnie was wearing a coat as she walked in behind a tall man.

    Someone greeted the man. “Yo, Stephen!”

    Stephen was an elegant gentleman who had a bookish look.

    He was handsome and had a faint smile on his face. He exuded a noble yet approachable vibe.

    Vi subconsciously looked at Eugene, only to see him frowning slightly and staring at Mnie.

    Vi stretched out her hand and tugged on Eugene’s sleeve. She whispered, “Eugene, I’m at little thirsty. Can you pour me a ss of water?”

    Only then did Eugene look away from Mnie.

    The moment he looked away, Mnie turned and met Vi’s gaze.

    Vi was stunned for a moment. She then forced herself to show a harmless smile and greeted Mnie.

    Mnie nodded and found a ce to sit down.

    The people in the room were all familiar with Stephen. After saying hello, they asked, ” Stephen, why did youe with Mnie?”

    They did not notify Mnie about their gathering and were just talking about her behind her back, which was a bit awkward.

    Stephen smiled gently and said, “I bumped into her on the way here, so we came together.”

    “Really? That’s quite a coincidence.” Eugene poured himself a ss of wine. Then he poured another ss and pushed it in front of Stephen. “Do you want a drink?”

    Stephen pushed it back and said, “No, thanks. Mel’s car broke down, so I’ll send her hometer.”

 ###Chapter 15

    Eugene’s eyes fell on Mnie, who said nonchntly, “My car broke down on the road”

    Mnie picked up the ss of wine that Eugene pushed to Stephen and said, “I can drink on his behalf if you want someone to drink with.

    “Drink on his behalf?” Eugene spoke through clenched teeth. He looked at them yfully and said casually, “Ms. Smith, what’s your rtionship with Mr. York that you can drink in his stead?”

    Mnie frowned. The displeasure in Eugene’s tone was obvious.

    Vi, who had been silent, suddenly asked in surprise, “Mr. York, are you Mnie’s boyfriend?”

    Mnie was startled. She nced at Vi with cold eyes and was just about to speak when Eugene said, “Is that so?”

    Eugene stared at Mnie with deep eyes and waited for her answer.

    “Don’t embarrass Mel.” Stephen was as gentle as ever. He had a friendly smile on his face as he replied on behalf of Mnie.

    “We’re just friends.”

    Since Stephen said so, the others had nothing else to say.

    Mnie got up and excused herself to the bathroom.

    It was a coincidence that she and Stephen met. Stephen had just returned from a business trip. He said that he had to attend a gathering and asked her if she would like to tag along.

    Mnie did not want to dy his schedule, so she followed him over. She did not expect that Eugene and Vi would be at this gathering.

    She felt frustrated as she washed her hands. She wanted to sit outside and wait for a while before sending a message to Stephen to tell him that she would leave first. But as soon as she stepped out of the bathroom, someone blocked her path..

    Eugene held his phone and lowered his eyes to look at the screen. When Mnie came out of the bathroom, he slowly raised his eyelids to look at her. “Are you nning to get back together with Stephen?”

    Almost everyone in their circle knew that Stephen liked Mnie.

    Stephen was also one of the rare people that Mnie could click with among Eugene’s circle of friends.

    Mnie paused slightly and thought of exining herself. But somehow, she said, “Won’t you feel more relieved that way?”

    Eugene snorted lightly. “What does it have to do with me?”

    “Didn’t you get Vi to ask me if I had a boyfriend?” Mnie looked at him calmly. “Eugene, what kind of answer do you want to hear?”

    No one was in this corridor. The plush carpet made Mnie feel like she was stepping on

    clouds.

    Mnie clenched her fists and continued, “I couldn’t get through to

    you today.”

    Eugene’s dark eyes fell on her face. Mnie used to like looking into Eugene’s eyes the most. She always felt that there was another side of Eugene hidden in them that others could not see.

    However, when she looked into his eyes now, she suddenly found that there was nothing else besides indifference.

    Mnie’s eyshes trembled, but she did not let her tears fall.

    Eugene said, “I changed my number. Vi doesn’t like my old number.”

    Mnie and Eugene registered their phone numbers at the same time, so their numbers were very simr. The only difference was in thest two digits.

    “Also.” Eugene took two steps forward and suddenly stopped. He turned back to look at Mnie and said in a casual tone, “She’ll feel more at ease if you’re dating someone.”

    When Mnie returned to the private room, the group was ying truth or dare. It was Vi’s turn, and her dare was to kiss Eugene in public.

    The group cheered loudly. Vi was shy and snuggled into Eugene’s arms

    Mnie said goodbye to Stephen in a low voice and told him to have fun.

    Stephen stood up and said, “I’ll take you home.”

    His voice was not loud, but the private room was quiet at that moment, so everyone heard him clearly.

    Imo

    Vi broke the silence with a chuckle. “Mnie, you must tell me if you’re dating someone!”

 ###Chapter 16

    Mnie lowered her eyshes. “I will.”

    Vi pulled Eugene back to y the game. Eugene followed her and did not nce at Mnie. After leaving the bar, Mnie turned around and thanked Stephen. “Thank you for just now.

    Stephen said warmly, “You’re wee. I’ll take you home.”

    “No need…” Before Mnie could finish her sentence, Stephen interrupted her and pointed to the sky. “It’s going to rain heavily tonight. It’s not safe for you to go home alone.”

    Stephen was insistent, so Mnie could not refuse and followed Stephen.

    Stephen had a sense of propriety. After sending Mnie home, he left without asking any questions.

    Mnie was still wearing his coat, which Stephen lent to her when she identally made her shirt dirty while towing her car earlier.

    She thought about returning it after washing it.

    The light drizzle turned into a heavy rain at midnight.

    Mnie did not like thunder, so she closed all the doors and windows beforehand.

    At 2:00 a.m., Mnie heard the sound of her digital door lock

    She was not asleep yet. Her heart sank, and she walked into the living room.

    Eugene had taken off his coat and was sitting on the sofa, pouring himself a ss of water.

    He had a chilly air about him because he was just outside. Mnie paused. “Why are you here?”

    Eugene did not answer. He put down the cup and stood up. He started to unbutton his shirt to reveal his muscr body.

    Then he casually pulled out his belt and unbuttoned his pants. He said softly, “Bring me some clothes. I want to take a shower.”

    Eugene left some of his clothes at Mnie’s house in the past. Mnie did not throw them away but kept them nicely.

    By the time she took out his clothes, Eugene had already gone into the bathroom. The sound of the shower seemed to drown out the heavy rain outside.

    Mnie put on a jacket and waited for him in the living room.

    Eugene knocked on the bathroom door and said, “Bring it here.”

    Mnie put down her phone and picked up his clothes.

    Before she could knock, the bathroom door opened from the inside. Eugene stood in front of her without bothering to cover up. Mnie subconsciously averted her gaze. He sneered.” Why are you shy when you’ve already seen everything?”

    Mnie remained calm. “It’s better if we keep a distance now.”

    “Why? Who are you doing this for?” Eugene put on his pants and threw the clothes aside. He

    pulled Mnie into the bathroom and forced himself onto her. He said in a mocking tone. “Is it because Stephen is back?”

    Mnie frowned and looked at Eugene.

    That was when she noticed Eugene’s bloodshot eyes. His usually indifferent eyes were also a little dazed. E

    Eugene was drunk.

    Mnie came to her senses immediately.

    There were only a handful of times when Eugene got drunk. The only time Mnie remembered Eugene getting drunk was the year she started dating Eugene.

    It was back when Eugene just started his career. At the time, Mnie went to pick him up. Eugene put his arm around her waist and said a lot of iprehensible words.

    Seeing how distracted Mnie was, Eugene was upset and stretched out his hand to pinch Mnie’s chin. He looked at her condescendingly, scrutinized her face, and frowned deeply. How ugly.”

    Mnie pped his hand away and bent down to pick up his clothes. She asked, “Then who’s pretty?”

    Eugene stopped talking. He pushed Mnie away, walked out of the bathroom, andy down on the sofa in the living room.

    Mnie wanted to wake him up and tell him to go back to his house, but she gave up when she saw his frown.

    Early the next morning, when Mnie got up, she saw Eugene sitting in the living room with a grim face.

    When he saw Mnie, he rubbed his temples and said, “Don’t tell Vi.”

 ###Chapter 17

    “What is there to tell?” Mnie said in a soft voice while warming up a ss of milk. She had her period, so she did not feel like drinking coffee.

    She asked Eugene, 

    Do you want a drink?”

    What answered her was Eugene shutting the door.

    It rainedst night, so the road was wet. Mnie’s car was still being repaired, so she had to take a taxi to the office.

    When she went downstairs, she saw Eugene, who pulled a long face and acted as if he had not seen Mnie. Thus, Mnie thought it was wise not to carpool with him to work.

    Mnie arrived at the office a few minutester than usual. As soon as she entered the office, she heard muffledughter.

    She looked up and saw several colleagues gathered around Vi.

    On Vi’s desk was a bag that contained several cups of coffee from the cafe downstairs.

    Vi smiled as soon as she saw Mnie and greeted her innocently. “Mnie,e and have breakfast.”

    Mnie shook her head. “No, thanks. I already had breakfast.”

    “But I bought a cup of coffee for everyone using Eugene’s money.” Vi no longer addressed Eugene as Mr. Scott. She took out a cup of coffee and handed it over to Mnie. “Here. Your favorite Americano without sugar.”

    Mnie looked at Vi’s baby face without much expression. “Thank you, but I don’t feel like drinking coffee today.”

    The smile on Vi’s face faded. She retracted her hand in embarrassment and said in a weak voice, “Sorry, Mnie.”

    Mnie said nothing.

    During her lunch break, she passed by the lounge and overheard a colleague saying, “Why is Mnie being so arrogant? Vi is now Mr. Scott’s girlfriend.”

    Mnie was only focused on the fact that Vi was Eugene’s girlfriend.

    Eugene liked to fool around before. He had all kinds of women around him, but he never imed any of them to be his girlfriend.

    Even Mnie was not his girlfriend.

    Mnie was absent–minded all afternoon until Eugene suddenly went to her after work.

    “You need to go on a business trip with Walker next week.” The door to the office was open. Eugene’s voice was cold.

    Mnie knew that Vi could see everything in the office from her position.

    Mnie said, “Okay. If there’s nothing else, I’ll get going first.”

    She always had a hard time during her period because her back ached and her stomach was

    ufortable.

    Mnie calcted the days and thought that her period was ahead of schedule.

    “Why didn’t you drink the coffee that Vi bought for you?” Eugene asked in a low voice. He looked at Mnie with his dark eyes.

    Mnie’s body ached, so she frowned and replied, “I don’t feel well, so I don’t feel like drinking coffee.”

    Eugene paused for a moment. He said casually, “She thought she offended you somehow and felt aggrieved.”

    Mnie immediately realized that Vi hadined to Eugene.

    She looked at Eugene and said calmly, “So?”

    “Next time when she offers you something, just take it.”

    When Mnie opened the door and went out, she met Vi’s gaze.

    Vi looked at Mnie warily and smiled.

    Mnie was not bothered to put up a friendly act, so she returned to her desk, packed her things, and left.

    When she looked up, she saw Vi holding Eugene’s arm unabashedly.

    Mnie paused when she heard Vi say, “Mnie, you must remember toe to the gathering this weekend.”

    Only then did Mnie remember that she was forced to attend a dinner party on the weekend.

    She also had to bring her boyfriend with her.

    The next second, Vi said yfully, “You can bring Mr. York too.”

 ###Chapter 18

    Before Mnie left the office, she went to the bathroom. As expected, her period came early.

    It was not easy to hail a taxi at the LeapCo office building, so Mnie had to walk a few hundred meters out.

    Eugene’s car drove out of the underground parking lot and stopped in front of her.

    He lowered the car window to reveal his handsome face and asked casually, “Didn’t you drive today?”

    Mnie paused and replied, “I sent my car for repair.”

    She lowered her eyes. She already said that her car was sent for repairst night, but Eugene did not listen.

    “Are you going home or somewhere else?” Eugene asked.

    “Home.”

    “Come in then.” Eugene gestured. Mnie looked over to Vi, who was in the passenger seat.

    Vi’s smile was stiff. She frowned slightly and reminded Eugene in a low voice, “Aren’t we supposed to buy something? We won’t want to bother Mnie.”

    Eugene raised his eyes and looked at Mnie. “Do you mind waiting for a while?”

    Mnie did not mind, but she clearly saw Vi’s unwillingness. She paused and said, “No, thanks. My friend will drop by to pick me upter.”

    Coincidentally, her phone rang as soon as she finished speaking.

    It was Stephen.

    Mnie did not know why Stephen called, but she shook her phone and said, “I have to take this.”

    Vi immediately turned to look at Eugene, feigning anger. “Look, I told you we would bother Mnie.”

    However, Vi’s tone was clearly relieved. Mnie did not say anything else and went aside to answer the phone.

    Eugene stared at Mnie until Vi tugged on his sleeve.

    Vi bit her lip and looked at Mnie’s figure in the rearview mirror.

    Mnie stood upright. Her long hair was blowing in the wind, and her facial features were delicate. She had a slight smile on her face.

    It was hard not to feel a sense of crisis when Vipared herself to a woman like Mnie. Vi’s eyshes trembled, then she hugged Eugene’s arm aggrievedly and said in a soft voice, “Eugene, are you still hung up on Mnie?”

    The emotions in Eugene’s eyes faded. He looked down at Vi and said softly, “I was just wondering when she and Stephen started dating.”

    Vi froze and sounded aggrieved. “Why do you care?”

    Eugene sneered and said in a contemptuous tone, “I just feel sorry for Stephen.”

    After coaxing Vi, Eugene stepped on the elerator and drove away.

    Mnie heard the sound of the car starting and looked back to see that Eugene’s car was far

    gone.

    She pursed her lips and rested for a while before agreeing to Stephen’s invitation to have dinner.

    Stephen was nearby, so he came to pick her up. He held a small bag in his hand and handed it to Mnie. “I was in a hurryst night, so I did get to give this to you.

    Stephen was always like this–gentle and considerate.

    Mnie felt veryfortable with him. He was one of the few friends that Mnie could share a meal with.

    Therefore, her request seemed unreasonable.

    Mnie hesitated for a long time and did not say anything. Instead, Stephen noticed how hesitant she was and asked with concern, “Did something happen?“.

    Mnie lowered her eyes. “It’s not a big deal. I can handle it myself.”

    Stephen hummed and said with a smile, “But you look very troubled. Do you want to talk about it?”

    He paused and said tentatively, “Is it because of Eugene and his girlfriend?”

    Most people in the circle knew about Mnie and Eugene, but Eugene refused to admit it, so no one dared to speak openly about it.

    Stephen was also afraid that he was prying. Just as he was about to say something, Mnie tried to keep calm as she asked, “Will you be my boyfriend?”

 ###Chapter 19

    Mnie was so direct that Stephen was at a loss for words.

    “It doesn’t matter if you don’t want to.” Mnie lowered her eyes and felt like she had made a mistake. “I was just asking casually. Don’t take it seriously.”

    Stephen was silent for a moment before he said, “I’m sorry, Mel. Can I ask why?”

    “It’s nothing.” Mnie said, “I’ve been single for too long, so I think I should start dating.”

    She did not mention Eugene, and Stephen did not ask. After dinner, Stephen sent her back. home.

    As a result, she bumped into Eugene at the entrance of the neighborhood.

    Eugene’s ck Bentley was parked next to Stephen’s car. Eugene nced at Mnie, who had just gotten out of the car, before he looked at Stephen.

    Stephen greeted Eugene. “Good evening.”

    Eugene hummed and said meaningfully, “Ms. Smith, it seems like you’re not just capable of doing business.”

    Mnie could hear the sarcasm, but she did not understand why Eugene was mocking her.

    Eugene was dating Vi, yet he was afraid that Vi would feel insecure, so he hinted that Mnie should find herself a boyfriend.

    Why was he mocking her now?

    Mnie lowered her eyes for a moment and turned to Stephen to say goodbye. “Sorry to trouble you. I’ll wash your coat before returning it to you.”

    Stephen smiled and shook his head. “It’s fine. It’s just an old coat.

    Mnie knew that Stephen was just saying this to be polite.

    She had overstepped her bounds by asking Stephen a sensitive question.

    The reason Stephen still sent her home was due to his good upbringing.

    Mnie had her period, so she was in so much pain that she broke into a cold sweat in the middle of the night.

    With a pale face, she went out to the living room to get some painkillers. Then she huddled on the sofa in difort and fell asleep.

    When she woke up the next morning, her body was sore. Her hands and feet were also cold.

    Her phone kept vibrating due to the messages on WhatsApp.

    Mnie forgot when she joined this group chat with Eugene’s circle of friends. They were all talking about getting ready to go to the party.

    Mnie thought about it for a moment and sent a message saying that she was not feeling. well, so she would not join them today. Then she put down her phone.

    She went to the kitchen and cooked some soup for herself. It was warm andforting, so she

    felt much better.

    Mnie only had half a bowl of soup when the doorbell rang.

    She put down her spoon and opened the door to see Eugene standing there in casual attire with a cold expression.

    His eyes fell on Mnie’s face before he slowly frowned and asked, “Do you have a fever?”

    “No, I just have my period,” Mnie said.

    Her menstruation cycle was very consistent. Eugene used to remember it because he would never go to her during her period.

    Mnie used to think that Eugene was being thoughtful, but sheter realized that he just found it troublesome.

    “Is something wrong?” Mnie asked.

    Mnie’s fingers felt cold again because she could feel the breeze at the door.

    Eugene looked at his phone and said, “It’s still early. Shall I take you to the hospital?”

    He said this casually. It was obvious that he did not mean it and only offered it to be polite.

    Mnie paused and said, “No, it’s not that serious.”

    Hearing this, Eugene did not say anything else. He looked at his phone and replied to a message before he left.

    When Mnie returned to the dining table, her soup was already slightly cold.

    Mnie originally nned to rest at home, but she did not expect that Eugene woulde back. This time, he brought Vi with him.

 ###Chapter 20

    When Mnie saw Vi, she concealed her annoyance very well and asked, “What’s the matter?”

    Vi was dressed up. She put on makeup, which made her already delicate face look even more innocent. She looked like a girl–next–door type.

    “Mnie, the department manager sent a document that needs to be revised. I wanted to revise the document at home and skip the party today, but…”

    At this point, Vi nced at Eugene, who was next to her, then continued, “But Eugene said that I can ask you to help since you’re not going today.”

    Mnie looked down at the file Vi was holding. They were so sure that she would agree to help.

    She raised her eyes and looked at Eugene. “You want me to help?”

    “Simon and the others are waiting for me and Vi. Since you’re not going, you might as well work overtime.” Eugene looked at Mnie indifferently and said, “You can im overtime pay for this.“.

    Mnie felt a pain in her lower abdomen. After some time, she said, “I’m sorry, but I’m not feeling well.”

    Eugene raised his eyebrows and stared at Mnie for a while. Just when Mnie thought he was about to say something, Vi said, “I told you that Mnie wouldn’t agree to it. Eugene, I think it’s better if I go back and revise this document. After all, I shouldn’t bother Mnie with everything.”

    Vi’s tone was distressed and self–reproaching. Mnie lowered her eyes and remained silent for a moment. Then she raised her head and said, “Give it to me. I’ll do it.”

    1

    However, before Mnie could take the document, she felt a sudden pain in her stomach, which made her legs give out.

    Mnie was about to fall when a strong hand held her arm. She raised her head and saw that Eugene was holding onto her right elbow.

    “Can you get up?” He asked in a deep voice.

    “Yes, please help me up.” Mnie was about to hold onto Eugene’s arm when Vi suddenly stopped her. “Mnie, let me help you.”

    Mnie did not know if Vi was really weak or if she was doing it on purpose. Vi supported Mnie and suddenly let go of her.

    Fortunately, Mnie had already stabilized herself. Otherwise, she would have fallen down again.

    Vi looked frightened and said, “Mnie, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to let go. I didn’t expect you to be so heavy.”

    Mnie had a poorplexion, and she did not have the energy to deal with them anymore, so she said, “Leave the document here. I need to rest.”

      It was clear that she was kicking them out, but some people just could not understand it.

    Eugene looked at her and said without hesitation, “You should go to the hospital.”

    Mnie said, “It’s just a period. There’s no point in going to the hospital.”

    “That’s right, Eugene.” Vi bit her lip and looked at Mnie. “Menstrual pain will pass after a while. It’s no big deal.”

    No big deal?

    Mnie chewed on these words. Last time, when Mnie was at the Scott residence, Vi was on her period and asked Eugene to go to the other side of the city to buy her dessert.

    How was it no big deal when it was Mnie’s period?

    Mnie was insistent on staying at home. Vi also persuaded Eugene, so they left for the party.

    Mnie stood at the door for a while with the document in hand before going back inside and closing the door.

    Hearing the sound of the door closing, Vi, who was waiting in the elevator lobby, immediately looked aggrieved. She lowered her head and asked Eugene, “Is Mnie very important to you? Why are you so concerned about her period?”

    Moreover, Eugene had been standing behind Vi. But when Mnie was about to fall earlier, Eugene pushed Vi away to support Mnie.

    The more Vi thought about it, the gloomier her face became. However, she could not get angry with Eugene, so she could only me Mnie for the problem.

    That was because Vi had always yed the part of a good girl in front of Eugene.

 ###Chapter 21

    Eugene took Vi to the party. Anyone with a discerning eye could see that the two had just quarreled.

    Vi sat down on the other side with a dull face, and Eugene did not go over to coax her.

    Simon was close to Eugene, so he picked up his wine ss and sat down next to Eugene. He chatted casually before getting to the main topic.

    “Eugene, are you in a serious rtionship with this girl?” 

    Eugene’s face remained calm as he asked, “What do you think?”

    just think that if you’re serious about her, you should go over there and coax her. Don’t make her angry.” Simon nced at Vi. She was young and wore her emotions on her sleeve. It was obvious that she felt aggrieved.

    Simon snorted nonchntly. “Don’t think that all girls are as easy as Mnie, who is always at your beck and call.”

    There were two reasons why Eugene’s friends did not like Mnie. They thought that Mnie was aloof and cold. She would not bother talking to anyone besides Eugene.

    Another reason was that Mnie obeyed Eugene to the point that she had no temper.

    If Eugene wanted to sleep with another woman, Mnie would dly book a hotel room for him and personally hand over the room card to Eugene.

    Eugene’s friends were elites who had a natural sense of superiority over others. They liked. obedient women, but they did not like it when their women were so obedient to this extent.

    Therefore, Mnie could not fit into their circle. They did not respect her either.

    Simon sat there for a while before he went over to the others. As soon as Simon left, Vi went over to Eugene.

    Eugene looked down at her. “Are you still angry?”

    Vi said softly, “I’m not angry. I just couldn’t help but think about your history with. Mnie whenever I see her.”

    She raised her eyes and looked at Eugene probingly. “After all, Mnie is such a capable woman. It’s hard for any man not to like her.”

    Mnie stayed at home for the whole weekend. She did not feel better until early Monday morning.

    She took the document she had revised for Vi to the office. As soon as she got to work, she received a job transfer notice from HR.

    Mnie was transferred out of the president’s office.

    Although it was a simr position, it was actually a demotion.

    Everyone in the office was startled. Vi held Mnie’s hand with a look of regret and said, ” Mnie, I haven’t learned much from you yet.”

    BRIGH

    Mnie paused for a moment. She threw the document on the table and said in a dull voice, It’s true that you didn’t learn anything. I redid the whole document.”

    Vi froze when she heard this. Mnie stepped away from her and pushed the door into the president’s office.

    Eugene was reading some documents when he heard the sound of the door opening. He calmly raised his head and looked at Mnie.

    Mnie said, “Give me a reason for the transfer. What did I do wrong?”

    Eugene looked at her with dark eyes. He was wearing a gray formal suit today, which made him look more elegant and handsome than usual.

    Mnie suddenly realized that Eugene had not been seen wearing ck clothes for a long time.

    She clenched her fists and pretended to be calm. “There should be a reason for the transfer. Eugene, please tell me the truth.”

    His fingers paused while he was flipping through the documents. Then his thin lips parted slightly before he said, “It’s nothing. Vi just feels pressured when she sees you.”

    Eugene said casually, “If you’re so capable, you’ll do well anywhere. Vi isn’t as capable as you, and she’s young.”

    Vi was still young, so Eugene did not want to put any pressure on her.

    However, Eugene seemed to have forgotten that Mnie was two years younger than Vi when she started dating him back then.

    Mnie was not much older than Vi at the moment.

    When Mnie left the office, a group of people were helping Vi pack her things.

    Mnie’s desk used to be in the best spot in the office. Since Mnie was gone, Vi would

    im it.

    Mnie’s things were already put into boxes and ced on the side.

 ###Chapter 22

    The news that Mnie was transferred out of the president’s secretary’s office quickly spread within LeapCo. Many people even asked her about it.

    Fortunately, Mnie was known as an aloof person in thepany, so no one dared to talk. too much.

    Having just started her new role, Mnie had a lot to pick up, so she did not have time to go out for lunch and made do with a simple lunch in the office cafeteria.

    As soon as she entered the elevator, she saw a few people from the secretary’s office talking to Vi.

    Everyone knew what happened. Eugene demoted Mnie, which meant that Vi’s position was more secure. Thus, more people wanted to please Vi.

    Mnie walked into the elevator calmly without changing her expression.

    The people inside felt embarrassed and spoke in hushed tones.

    Vi nced at Mnie arrogantly and asked in a soft voice, “Mnie, are you used to working in your new role? I asked Eugene about it. He said that the department needed you more, and he’ll transfer you back to the president’s officeter.”

    If Mnie ignored the smugness in Vi’s tone, her words were sincere enough.

    Mnie hummed without saying much.

    She did not care if Eugene would transfer her back to the president’s office. Anyway, it did not matter to her where she worked.

    Vi thought she had won the battle, so she did not even bother to hide the smile on her face.

    LeapCo was a bigpany that had a lot of projects. Before Mnie got off work, she suddenly received a message that she was to socialize with a customer.

    Socializing usually meant drinking, but Mnie was still on her period.

    By the time she went to the venue, the customer was already there.

    Mnie was a natural at dealing with clients. After three sses of wine, both parties closed. the deal.

    Mnie was a little tipsy and found an excuse to go to the bathroom. As a result, she bumped into someoneing out of the private room next door.

    Stephen’s pleasant scent was very recognizable. Mnie raised her eyes to see Stephen’s shocked face.

    He asked Mnie, “Why are you here?”

    Mnie said, “I’m meeting a client.”

    Stephen could smell the alcohol on her body and frowned without saying anything.

    “I’m going to the bathroom.” After that, Mnie walked around him. She inadvertently looked through the ajar door behind Stephen and saw Eugene sitting there leisurely.

    Mnie did not see Vi, so she did not know if Vi was there.

    No wonder Stephen asked her why she was here.

    Stephen probably thought that she was here to pick up Eugene, as she had always done previously.

    She looked away, nodded to Stephen, and left.

    After Stephen finished making a phone call outside, he returned to the private room and heard someone yelling, “Eugene, how could you leave so soon?”

    Eugene raised his eyes from his phone and looked calm. “She’s working overtime, so I’ll just send her some dinner and be right back.”

    “Will you be able toe back?” Simon whistled, obviously teasing him.

    Simon also asked, “Stephen, do you think that Eugene will be able toe back here after he has returned to his beloved princess?”

    Stephen looked at Eugene thoughtfully. For some reason, he suddenly thought of Mnie’s slender back just now.

    He frowned and called out to Eugene, who shot a nce at him. 

    Stephen paused and said, “I just saw Mnie in the private room next door.”

    At the mention of Mnie, the private room became silent.

    Eugene did not say anything. Instead, Simon sneered. “Why are you mentioning irrelevant people?”

    Mnie finally closed the deal. After sending the customer away, she sat in the private room for a while before going out..

    She was drunk and a little dizzy.

    As soon as she walked out of the private room, she stumbled a little.

    She only staggered two steps before someone held her firmly. Mnie was stunned for a moment. Then she slowly raised her head.

    im Bonus For Free Every Daye 

 ###Chapter 23

    23 

    Stephen frowned. He held Mnie’s elbows with both hands and asked in a deep voice, “Are you okay?”

    Mnie pursed her lips and said nothing. She took a moment to react.

    She stood up slowly and took two steps back. Her voice sounded a little tired. “Oh, it’s you. sorry. I didn’t notice you just now.”

    I’m

    “Mel.” Stephen stopped her.

    Mnie looked at him. She was tipsy, so her lips were bright red, and her eyes were a little

    dazed.

    Stephen’s eyes flickered slightly. He took off his coat and handed it to her. “I’ll take you back.”

    When Mnie followed Stephen out, Simon and a few others were waiting outside. When Simon saw Stephen, he said, “Let’s go to GT! Hunter said there’s a hottie working there recently…”

    Before he could finish speaking, Simon saw Mnie frowning behind Stephen. He immediately stopped talking,

    Stephen said frankly, “I’m taking Mel home. You guys go ahead.”

    Mnie was tall and thin. She looked like a bamboo standing next to Stephen..

    Simon snorted, picked up his phone, took a photo of the couple, and sent it to the group.

    Some of his friends nearby were curious as to what Simon was doing, so Simon said nonchntly, “Don’t you think that Mnie is so unfeminine? No man will want her. Tsk, tsk. No wonder Eugene would rather send dinner to Vi.”

    Mnie only saw the photo posted to the group chat the next day. Several people joked about

    <ol>

    <li>it.</li>

    </ol>

    Mnie did not care. She wanted to send a message to a customer, but she identally clicked on the group chat and saw the message.

    Just as she was about to exit the group chat, she noticed a message from Vi that read, [ Mnie and Mr. York look like a good match.]

    Simon replied to that message. [You and Eugene look like a better couple.]

    Mnie’s eyes lingered on this message for a while. She then exited the group chat and went to the president’s office with a document.

    Mnie was going on a business trip in the afternoon and had a document that needed Eugene’s signature.

    Before she reached the president’s office, Vi stopped her.

    Vi sat at Mnie’s old desk and said with a sweet smile, “Mnie, what’s the matter?”

    “I’m looking for Eugene.”

    Vi said calmly, “Eugene is currently on a conference call. He’s not free.”

    Mnie looked at her with cold eyes, showing no emotion. She said, “I need his signature.” Vi frowned in distress. “But Mnie, this is the secretary’s office rule. Did you forget it?”

    Mnie held the document. “When will the meeting end?”

    “Maybe in ten minutes.” Vi added, “Why don’t you go back first? I’ll let you know when he’s free.”

    Mnie had nothing to say, so she nodded and prepared to leave.

    However, Vi suddenly called out to her. “Mnie.”

    She pointed to Eugene’s office door and reminded Mnie softly. “Eugene is the president of LeapCo. It would be more appropriate for you to call him Mr. Scott in the future. Otherwise people will think that ourpany isn’t formal enough.”

    Vi’s smile was wless. The concern in her eyes was also genuine.

    However, Mnie felt as if someone had drenched her heart in ice.

    She felt cold to the core.

    Mnie went back to her desk and sat there the whole afternoon, but she did not receive a call from Vi.

    After work, Eugene came over and knocked on Mnie’s desk. “Why haven’t you gone to Jesenburg yet?”

    Mnie raised her eyes to look at him, handed over the document on the table, and pursed her lips. “I was waiting for your signature.”

    Eugene frowned, so Mnie added, “Vi said that I can’t disturb you, so she asked me to wait.” a

 ###Chapter 24

    24 

    “So what are you trying to say?” Eugene looked at Mnie with dark eyes and tapped his fingers on the table.

    Eugene rarely called her name. He said, “Mnie, don’t shirk your responsibilities.”

    Mnie was stunned. “I’m shirking my responsibilities?”

    Eugene’s expression did not change, and he did not say a word.

    Mnie lowered her eyes for a moment and slowly looked up. She wanted to say something when Vi came over.

    Vi carried a tote bag and walked straight to Eugene to pull his sleeve. “Let’s go.”

    After saying this, Vi greeted Mnie with a smile, as if she had just seen her.

    Mnie did not say anything. Vi blinked and suddenly remembered something. “Mnie, I asked Julie to inform you this afternoon when Eugene finished his meeting. Why didn’t youe over?”

    Julie was an old employee of LeapCo who liked to make things difficult for Mnie when Mnie first joined thepany.

    Thus, everyone in LeapCo knew that Mnie and Julie did not get along.

    Vi’s intentions were clear when she asked Julie to inform Mnie.

    No wonder Eugene said that Mnie was shirking her responsibilities.

    Mnie looked at Eugene silently for a moment. Then she handed over a pen. “Eu…”

    She paused slightly and changed her address. “Mr. Scott, please sign this.”

    Eugene nced at her, sneered, and took the pen to sign the document.

    Vi blinked and looked at Mnie with a bright smile.

    She pulled Eugene out of the office, but Mnie could still hear her sharp and sweet voice. ” Eugene, can we check out this new restaurant?”

    Eugene was really gentle and attentive when he wanted to be. Mnie looked away and thought about how Eugene was never so gentle toward her.

    It was already 10:00 p.m. when Mnie arrived in Jesenburg, the neighboring city. Mnie went straight to the hotel to rest and met with the client the next day.

    When the customer saw that Mnie came alone, he looked unhappy. “Where is Mr. Scott?”

    This customer was an old partner of LeapCo. Eugene had brought Mnie to meet with him. before.

    He was very determined and insisted on seeing Eugene in person. Mnie exined several times, but it was useless. Thus, she had no choice but to call Eugene.

    This time, Eugene did not make things difficult for her. He booked a flight ticket and came over that afternoon.

    Mnie went to the airport to pick him up, but she did not see Vi..

    She asked Eugene, “Why didn’t you bring her with you?”

    After all, almost everyone in thepany knew how much Eugene treasured Vi. Mnie thought that <i>he </i>would bring Vi with him.

    “She <i>has </i>other things to do and can’t get away.” Eugene’s answer was brief. He had long legs, so he walked quickly in big strides. Mnie had some difficulty keeping up with her high heels.

    Mnie said, “Then I’ll ask Mr. Walker to book a room for you.”

    “No need.” There was no emotion in Eugene’s voice as he added, “I’ll just stay in your room.

    Don’t bother.”

    Eugene did not like to trouble others, so Mnie did not say anything else.

    In the past, Eugene would share a room with Mnie when they went on business trips. The people apanying them were already used to it.

    As soon as Mnie returned to the room, Eugene went to the bathroom to wash up. That was when Mnie received a call from Stephen. His voice was gentle and soothing, which made Mnie smile.

    Stephen asked Mnie if she wanted to have lunch with him tomorrow. However, before. Mnie could answer, the bathroom door opened.

    There were a few drops of water on Eugene’s shirt, and he had unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt, revealing his chest.

    Eugene looked at Mnie and said in a cold voice, “Bring me a towel. I want to take a bath.”

    His voice was quite loud, and the room was quiet, so Stephen heard him.

    Stephen hesitated and asked Mnie, “Are you with Eugene?

    Enjoy Ad–Free Reading

 ###Chapter 25

    Mnie looked back at Eugene, who had a cold expression on his face. Eugene took off his wet shirt and threw it on the ground. Then he looked at Mnie and raised his eyebrows. It was clear to Mnie what he wanted.

    Mnie pursed her lips, turned around, and whispered to Stephen, “Yeah. I’m on a business trip.”

    After she finished speaking, she hung up and did not mention anything about Eugene.

    Eugene looked at her and asked, “Stephen?”

    “Yeah.”

    “Since when did you two be so close?”

    Mnie went to the cab and took out a bath towel. She said absent–mindedly, “We’ve always been close.”

    Eugene looked away and said nothing.

    Mnie’s business suite had arge bed and a small sofa outside the bedroom.

    Mnie thought that Eugene would sleep on the sofa after taking a shower. She did not expect that he woulde into the bedroom topless.

    His hair was wet, and there were still some water droplets on his corbone. The water slid down his skin and finally disappeared under his Adonis belt.

    Eugene sat by the bed, threw a towel at Mnie, and ordered, “Dry my hair.”

    Mnie was going through a document when she heard this.

    Soon after, she took the towel and knelt next to Eugene.

    She had wiped Eugene’s hair dry many times before. Back then, she was worried that Eugene would have a headache if he slept with wet hair, so she took the initiative to dry his hair for him. At first, Eugene refused, but after some time, he conceded.

    However, that was a long time ago.

    Mnie could not remember when Eugene stopped letting her dry his hair. After sex at her ce, Eugene would always leave with his hair wet.

    Mnie took a towel and dried his hair carefully. At that moment, Eugene’s phone beeped. Mnie was nearby and saw that it was a message from Vi.

    Eugene also saw it. He picked up his phone and stood up without realizing that Mnie was still kneeling next to him.

    The moment <i>he </i>

    got up, the towel fell. Mnie also lost her bnce and fell onto the bed.

    Eugene walked to the balcony and stopped, turning back to Mnie with a frown. “You should go out first.”

    Mnie saw that he was about to call Vi.

    She put away her things, took the documents, and went to the living room, closing the door

    behind her.

    Eugene talked for a long time on the phone, and Mnie could vaguely hear his deep voice outside the balcony. He sounded happy and gentle.

    After Mnie finished reviewing the document, Eugene still did not open the door.

    Thus, Mnie had no choice but to knock on the door.

    The door opened quickly, and Eugene looked down at her. “What do you want?”

    Mnie calmly pointed to the bed behind him and said, “That’s my bed.”

    Eugene looked in the direction of the big bed and lowered his eyes. He stepped aside and said with a smile, “Come in.”

    Mnie did not know what Eugene meant by that. It was her room.

    She went into the bedroom, lifted the quilt, and climbed into bed.

    The next second, she felt the bed sinking next to her, where Eugeney down.

    Mnie did not move much in her sleep. Eugene was lying on his side. He stretched out his hand and stopped right above Mnie’s eyes.

    Mnie’s eyshes were long and dense. Her eyes were shut, but she could feel Eugene’s movements.

    She pursed her lips and breathed lightly out of habit.

    The only time she and Eugene slept in the same bed was when they had sex.

 ###Chapter 26

    26 

    The next second, Eugene withdrew his hand. When the shadow over Mnie’s eyes disappeared, she frowned slightly.

    Eugene said yfully, “Did you think I wanted to have sex with you?”

    Mnie’s eyshes fluttered. She took a deep breath and opened her eyes.

    She asked Eugene, “Then what do you want to do?”

    There was only a small night light turned on, so the room was dim. Eugene’s expression was unreadable, but his voice was cold as he said, “Sleep.”

    “This is my room.” Mnie said calmly, “You can book a separate room.”

    “It’s too troublesome.”

    Mnie paused slightly, turned over, and closed her eyes.

    She was a light sleeper. Any noise would wake her up.

    In the middle of the night, Eugene’s phone suddenly rang, piercing the silence in the room.

    Mnie woke up with a frown. She opened her eyes and saw Eugene answering the phone. They were on the same bed, so she could hear Vi’s cry over the phone. “Eugene, where are you? Can youe to the Paramount Hospital? My father was in a car ident. He’s being treated there now. I’m so scared.”

    Mnie looked at Eugene, who frowned and said in a deep voice, “I’ll be right there.”

    As soon as he hung up his phone, Eugene rubbed his temples and stood up. While getting dressed, he told Mnie. “Book me a flight back to Jepton.”

    Mnie pursed her lips and did not move. After a moment, she said, “The contract needs to be signed tomorrow.”

    This contract was very important to LeapCo. She raised her eyes and said, “You can transfer money to her first, then go back after finalizing the contract.”

    Eugene paused while putting on his clothes and looked at her with narrowed eyes. “Mnie, I don’t want to repeat myself.”

    He was obviously angry at her. Mnie grabbed the quilt and suddenly asked, “Eugene, you’re not just ying with her, right?”

    Mnie had never seen Eugene care so much about anyone. She had never dared to disturb Eugene in the middle of the night.

    Eugene had a bad temper, especially when his sleep was disturbed.

    Eugene’s eyes were dark, and his tone was determined. “When have I said that I was just ying with her?”

    That was true.

    It was just Mnie’s presumption that Vi was simr to the other women whom Eugene dated. Mnie thought that Eugene would get bored of Vi within a month.

    After Eugene left, Mnie could not sleep. She made a cup of tea

    thinking about what Eugene had just said.

    “Mnie, you bore me. Stop making assumptions about me and Vi.”

    Mnie was only 18 years old when she started dating Eugene. Back then, she was no different from Vi. She also loved tough and act coquettishly around Eugene.

    However, Eugene had never pampered Mnie so much. He would notplete the

    unfinished work for her, nor would he fire employees who bullied her just to stand up for her.

    He would only tell her that he did not like to keep useless people around him.

    Mnie held the railing, puzzled. She wondered if she was useless to Eugene now. 1

    The client was upset when he did not see Eugene the next day. He scolded Mnie for more than an hour before he signed the contract.

    1

    It was already 5:00 p.m. when Mnie returned to Jepton.

    Mnie parked her car at the airport, got off the ne, and went straight to Paramount Hospital.

    There was a nursing home attached to the Paramount Hospital, where Mnie’s grandfather lived.

    Mnie’s grandfather raised her because her parents were divorced and had their own families. She rarely had time to meet her grandfather.

    Mnie’s grandfather was not in good health. He had been living in a nursing home ever since he got into a car ident.

    The nursing home and Paramount Hospital shared the same parking lot. Mnie had just parked her car and opened the car door when she saw Vi and Eugene getting out of the car in front of her.

    Mnie paused. She was so focused on parking her car that she did not notice Eugene’s car nearby.

    Vi looked quite haggard with obvious dark circles on her face. She was stunned to see Mnie.

    After a while, she reluctantly smiled and looked up at Eugene. “Did Mniee here to see my dad too?”

 ###Chapter 27

    27 

    Eugene did not even look at Mnie. He took the bag from Vi’s hand and said in a cold voice, “I don’t know. Let’s go upstairs first.”

    Eugene left Jesenburg in the middle of the night, ignoring Mnie’s suggestion. He was still angry at her.

    Vi nodded tiredly and said, “Mnie, my father just got out of surgery this morning and is still in the ICU, so he can’t take visitors.”

    Mnie looked at the couple, lowered her eyes, and exined, “I’m actually going to the nursing home.”

    Vi realized that she had made the wrong assumption and smiled awkwardly. “Oh, sorry.” “No worries.” Mnie walked past them and headed straight for the nursing home.

    After taking a few steps, she heard Viining to Eugene. “That was so embarrassing! Why didn’t you tell me?”

    Eugene whispered something to Vi that Mnie could not hear. She just saw them carrying their things into the hospital.

    Mnie would usually visit the nursing home every month, but she had not visited for the past two months because she was too busy.

    Mnie’s grandfather was a retired teacher. When Mnie went over, her grandfather was reading a newspaper under a big tree.

    Seeing her, Albert took off his reading sses and said with a smile, “You’re here!”

    Mnie handed him the snacks that she bought. “I bought your favorite cookies when I passed by Tory’s earlier.”

    “Mel, I can’t believe you remember!” Albert was old and friendly.

    He looked at Mnie for a while and suddenly asked, “Where’s Eugene? Is he busy again?” Back when Mnie had a good rtionship with Eugene, Eugene would asionally apany her to the nursing home to visit Albert.

    Thus, Albert had always thought that Eugene was Mnie’s boyfriend. Later, when Eugene no longer showed up, Albert would habitually ask about him.

    As usual, Mnie said, “He’s too busy with work and doesn’t have spare time.”

    Mnie had used this excuse many times, and Albert believed it.

    “Young people should be busy with work.” Albert sighed. “It’s better than being idle like me.” “You’re not idle. The dean told me that you were helping some teachers from nearby primary schools mark homework.” Mnie squatted down in front of him and consoled him.

    She stayed in the nursing home for more than two hours. When she returned to the parking lot, she saw that Eugene’s car was still parked there.

    She wondered if Eugene still remembered that he had once apanied her to the nursing home behind Paramount Hospital.

    The news of Vi’s father’s car ident quickly spread throughout thepany. Vi had been a wreck these days, and no one dared to mess with her.

    “Mnie.” An intern from the secretary’s office called out to her timidly.

    Mnie looked up and saw the intern holding a document. She had a hesitant expression.

    Mnie paused and asked, “What’s wrong?”

    “There’s something wrong with this document. The format and data are all incorrect.” The intern added in an apprehensive tone, “Vi gave this to me.”

    Mnie understood what the intern meant.

    Everyone in thepany knew that Vi was Eugene’s girlfriend, so no one dared to trouble her.

    Mnie took the document and said, “I’ll go find her.”

    The intern left with relief. Mnie took the document to the president’s office. She did not beat around the bush when she put the document on Vi’s desk and said, “The data and format of this document are incorrect. Please take the time to modify it.”

    As soon as Mnie said this, Vi’s eyes immediately turned red, and tears started to stream down her face.

    Vi acted as if Mnie had done something to her.

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running

 ###Chapter 28

    28 

    “What are you doing?” Before Mnie could speak, Eugene’s cold voice came from behind.

    Mnie frowned. “I came here to ask her to modify a document.”

    “You want her to modify a document?” Eugene asked in a mocking tone as he stared at Mnie coldly.

    Mnie quickly understood what he meant by that. Eugene had probably misunderstood Mnie, thinking that she was bossing Vi around like before.

    Mnie paused before she said, “Vi did this document…‘

    Before she finished her sentence, Vi grabbed Eugene’s sleeve and said in a hoarse and low voice, “Eugene, it’s not Mnie’s fault. I’ve just been too distracted because of my father’s healthtely. That’s why I didn’t do it well.”

    Mnie opened her mouth, but she did not say a word.

    She looked at Eugene, waiting for him to speak.

    “Vi is going through a lottely. If you have any problems, just deal with them by

    yourself.” Finally, Eugene led Vi into the office.

    Mnie stood there for a while before leaving with the document.

    In the afternoon, news spread in thepany that Eugene reprimanded Mnie because she found fault with Vi.

    When Mnie went to the bathroom, she overheard others gossiping about her. They said that she had deliberately bullied Vi.

    ording to the rumors, Vi was just a pitiful and well–behaved intern, and Eugene was a considerate and gentle boss. Mnie was the shameless and vile woman in the story.

    They discussed everything as if they had witnessed the scene.

    Mnie pushed open the bathroom door, washed her hands, and left without any expression. The people who were gossiping looked at each other in embarrassment.

    Back at her desk, the intern from this morning stood in front of her timidly. “Mnie, Mr. Foster is urging for that document.”

    She was referring to the document in which Vi made errors. Mnie paused and raised her eyes. “I’ll give it to Mr. Fosterter. You can get off work first.”

    The intern left the office with gratitude, while Mnie sat alone in the empty office.

    Before she could finish revising the document, her phone rang. The nurse at the nursing home anxiously called her, saying that her grandfather was hit by a car on the way back from school. The nurse asked Mnie to go to Paramount Hospital.

    Mnie hurriedly put the work aside and rushed out. As soon as she got out of the elevator, she met Vi and Eugene.

    Vi’s eyes were no longer red, but they were still watery. Vi was whispering to Eugene.

    Mnie nced at them and left in a hurry.

    Vi refused to let Mnie leave like that. She let go of Eugene’s hand and blocked Mnie’s path. She said sincerely, “Mnie, I’d like to apologize. I was too emotional this morning and got you in trouble.”

    “I heard the rumors going around thepany.” Vi bit her lip and looked like she was prepared to take full responsibility. “I will exin it to them.”

    Mnie was in a hurry, so she nodded and said, “Whatever.”

    After that, Mnie wanted to leave, but Vi reached out to hold her back. “Mnie, let me treat you to dinner.”

    “There’s no need for that.” Mnie was anxious, so she did not bother being polite.

    Vi was slightly stunned. She held onto Mnie tightly and looked aggrieved. “Mnie, do you hate me?”

    Mnie looked down at her phone impatiently. When she used a little force to pull her arm back from Vi’s grip, Vi som

 ###Chapter 29

     29 

    Mnie paused slightly and frowned.

    She subconsciously looked at Eugene, who was not far away. Then she pursed her lips and said, “I’m in a hurry and don’t have time to eat with you.”

    Vi bit her lip and said nothing. She sniffed and stood up slowly, walking to Eugene’s side as if she had been bullied.

    Eugene nced at Mnie coldly and lowered his head to check on Vi’s hand.

    His voice was low and gentle as he asked Vi, “Are

    you hurt?”

    Vi shook her head and said, “I’m fine. Let’s go, Eugene. We promised my dad that we’d bring him some chicken soup today.”

    After she finished speaking, she held Eugene’s hand and left. She deliberately averted her eyes when passing by Mnie.

    Eugene let Vi lead the way. He purposely slowed his pace to suit hers.

    Mnie’s grandfather was not seriously injured. An electric bike bumped into him when he was on the way back from school. He had injured his ankle and just needed a few days of rest.

    Mnie was worried, so she insisted on admitting him to the hospital. After she retrieved her grandfather’s medical report and went to pay the bill, she happened to meet Eugene at the elevator.

    Eugene was there alone, holding a thermos.

    Seeing Mnie, he lowered his eyes and asked, “Why are you here?”

    Mnie paused slightly. She pressed the elevator button and replied, “My family is in the hospital.”

    1

    She always spoke with little emotion.

    Eugene sneered and looked at Mnie with irritation.

    “Mnie, you’re not that boringtely.”

    Mnie did not understand what he meant by that and frowned. Eugene raised his eyebrows and said sarcastically, “You have family here, huh?”

    Eugene knew about Mnie’s family background. Her parents were divorced. Neither lived in Jepton. Only her grandfather lived in the nursing home behind Paramount Hospital.

    Eugene narrowed his eyes slightly and said coldly, “Try to find a more credible excuse next time.“1

    Mnie froze and asked Eugene, “Why would I need an excuse?”

    “Eugene!” Vi trotted over. When she saw Mnie, she was stunned for a moment. She quickly stepped forward to take the thermos from Eugene and said, “Eugene, my father wants to talk to you. Let’s go to the ward.”

    Eugene nodded and raised his eyes to look at Mnie. He asked dully, “Shall I visit your family

    He emphasized the word “family” in a sarcastic tone. Mnie clenched her fist while holding the medical report and said, “No need.”

    Vi frowned and looked at Mnie. She asked hesitantly, “Mnie, is your family in the hospital?”

    “Yeah.” Mnie continued, “I need toplete the registration.”

    “That’s from the orthopedics department.” Vi added, “I hope your family member gets well soon.”

    Mnie paused and said, “Thanks.”

    Vi looked at Eugene, who lowered his eyshes, seemingly in thought. Vi continued to chat with Mnie with a smile and asked, “Can I ask what happened? I’ve been staying in the hospital recently, so I know some things quite well.”

    “My grandfather was hit by a bike. It’s nothing serious.” After Mnie finished speaking, the elevator arrived. 1

    As soon as the elevator doors opened, arge crowd of people came out. Mnie went straight to the first floor.

    The next day at the office, people were talking about her behind her back again.

    Since her grandfather’s injury was not serious, Mnie could work with peace of mind when she returned to the office.

    She still had some finishing touches toplete the document from yesterday. After she finished revising it in the morning, she called the intern over and asked her to hand it over to Mr. Foster.

    When the intern came over, she stared at Mnie for a long time.

    Mnie put her work aside and asked the intern, “Is there something on my face?”

    The intern bowed her head in apology and left in a hurry.

 ###Chapter 30

    30 

    Mnie did not think that anything was wrong at first. It was not until she received weird res that she realized that something was wrong.

    Since she was used to doing her own thing, she did not care much about it.

    When she went to the HR department in the afternoon, she happened to meet Julie.

    Julie and Mnie had never gotten along with each other.

    Julie cast a sidelong nce at Mnie, then smiled and said to another colleague, “This is the first time I’ve heard of someone mimicking a car ident just to get Mr. Scott’s attention. How shameless!”

    Mnie paused slightly, raised her eyes, and looked straight at Julie.

    Julie was fearless. She took her things and raised her chin before she left.

    The other colleague looked at Mnie awkwardly. Mnie asked bluntly, “What’s the rumor going around this time?”

    Mnie was not stupid. She guessed from Julie’s attitude and words that it had something to do with her presence at the hospitalst night.

    In fact, her guess was right.

    Early in the morning, a rumor that Mnie wanted to fight for Eugene’s attention by imitating Vi spread in thepany.

    The colleague briefly exined the situation.

    Mnie also caught the disgust in her eyes.

    After that, Mnie thought about it and went to Eugene.

    When she went to the president’s office, Vi was holding a box of dessert with a sweet smile on her face. The colleagues around Vi were all cheerful.

    As soon as Mnie entered, everyone stopped smiling. Vi was the first to react. She asked, ‘ Mnie, do you need something?”

    Mnie nced at her and kept walking. “I’m looking for Eugene.”

    Mnie’s voice was cold, so Vi did not stop her.

    Julie sneered from the side. “Look at her. She still thinks that she has power around here.”

    Vi tried her best to hide her smile. “Julie, don’t say that. Mnie has always had a special rtionship with Eugene.”

    When Mnie opened the door and entered Eugene’s office, he was not busy.

    “My grandpa sprained his ankle when he was hit by an electric bike on his way back to the nursing home.” Mnie said it all in one go with an expressionless face.

    Eugene raised his eyes. “So?”

    “Will you visit him? He asks about you often.”

    ((

    Mnie said it calmly. Only her clenched fists showed how nervous she was.

    Eugene looked at her and said nothing for a long time.

    Mnie took a deep breath and added, “You don’t have to go.”

    “Why should I go?” Eugene looked at her. “Give me a reason.‘

    >>

    Mnie’s heart sank. She could not find a reason why Eugene had to visit her grandfather.

    After all, Eugene was her boss, not her boyfriend.

    Even if they used to be intimate, they were just fuck buddies. That was not a good enough reason for Eugene to visit her grandfather.

    Moreover, they were no longer sleeping together.

    Eugene had not slept with Mnie for a long time after he made things official with Vi.

    Mnie lowered her eyshes. Her voice was a little hoarse as she said, “I’m sorry. I expected

    too much.”

    Eugene looked at her with emotionless, dark eyes. He repeated, “Give me a reason, and I’ll consider it.”

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

 ###Chapter 31

    Mnie did not think that anything was wrong at first. It was not until she received weird res that she realized that something was wrong.

    Since she was used to doing her own thing, she did not care much about it.

    When she went to the HR department in the afternoon, she happened to meet Julie.

    Julie and Mnie had never gotten along with each other.

    Julie cast a sidelong nce at Mnie, then smiled and said to another colleague, “This is the first time I’ve heard of someone mimicking a car ident just to get Mr. Scott’s attention. How shameless!”

    Mnie paused slightly, raised her eyes, and looked straight at Julie.

    Julie was fearless. She took her things and raised her chin before she left.

    The other colleague looked at Mnie awkwardly. Mnie asked bluntly, “What’s the rumor going around this time?”

    Mnie was not stupid. She guessed from Julie’s attitude and words that it had something to do with her presence at the hospitalst night.

    In fact, her guess was right.

    Early in the morning, a rumor that Mnie wanted to fight for Eugene’s attention by imitating Vi spread in thepany.

    The colleague briefly exined the situation.

    Mnie also caught the disgust in her eyes.

    After that, Mnie thought about it and went to Eugene.

    When she went to the president’s office, Vi was holding a box of dessert with a sweet smile on her face. The colleagues around Vi were all cheerful.

    As soon as Mnie entered, everyone stopped smiling. Vi was the first to react. She asked, ‘ Mnie, do you need something?”

    Mnie nced at her and kept walking. “I’m looking for Eugene.”

    Mnie’s voice was cold, so Vi did not stop her.

    Julie sneered from the side. “Look at her. She still thinks that she has power around here.”

    Vi tried her best to hide her smile. “Julie, don’t say that. Mnie has always had a special rtionship with Eugene.”

    When Mnie opened the door and entered Eugene’s office, he was not busy.

    “My grandpa sprained his ankle when he was hit by an electric bike on his way back to the nursing home.” Mnie said it all in one go with an expressionless face.

    Eugene raised his eyes. “So?”

    “Will you visit him? He asks about you often.”

    ((

    Mnie said it calmly. Only her clenched fists showed how nervous she was.

    Eugene looked at her and said nothing for a long time.

    Mnie took a deep breath and added, “You don’t have to go.”

    “Why should I go?” Eugene looked at her. “Give me a reason.‘

    >>

    Mnie’s heart sank. She could not find a reason why Eugene had to visit her grandfather.

    After all, Eugene was her boss, not her boyfriend.

    Even if they used to be intimate, they were just fuck buddies. That was not a good enough reason for Eugene to visit her grandfather.

    Moreover, they were no longer sleeping together.

    Eugene had not slept with Mnie for a long time after he made things official with Vi.

    Mnie lowered her eyshes. Her voice was a little hoarse as she said, “I’m sorry. I expected

    too much.”

    Eugene looked at her with emotionless, dark eyes. He repeated, “Give me a reason, and I’ll consider it.”

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

 ###Chapter 32

    Mnie returned to her senses. She nodded slightly and said, “You don’t have to go through such trouble if you don’t have time.”

    She stared at the nt in the corner and continued, “If you do this, my grandpa will overthink it.”

    “Overthink what? Didn’t you ask me to go?” Eugene clicked his tongue and opened the door. He walked into his apartment and reminded Mnie impatiently, “Next time, think about the consequences before youe to me. You’re so troublesome.”

    Immediately after, Eugene mmed the door shut.

    Mnie touched the takeout bag. The food was already cold.

    She stood there motionlessly for a moment before she threw the takeout into the trash can and returned home.

    Albert stayed in the hospital for around three days before the doctor gave the green light for him to be discharged.

    Mnie especially went to pick her grandfather up because she knew that he must be bored after staying in the hospital for a few days.

    Albert held Mnie’s hand and shook his head. “I told you I was fine, but you insisted that I stay in the hospital.”

    Mnie was packing his suitcase as she said, “I will only feel more at ease this way.”

    Albert smiled and opened the door to the ward, only to see a youngdy struggling to push a wheelchair with a middle–aged man in it. The man in the wheelchair had a cast on his right leg that looked very bulky.

    Albert frowned and stepped forward to help. Vi raised her head and smiled sweetly at him, ” Thank you.”

    Mnie happened toe out after packing her grandfather’s suitcase. She frowned when she saw her grandfather with Vi.

    Albert spotted Mnie and waved to her. “Mel,e here and help this girl.”

    Vi was also stunned to see Mnie. “Mnie, why are you here?”

    Mnie stepped forward, took the wheelchair from Vi, and turned the corner with ease.

    “Grandpa, I’ll take you back first.” Mnie did not want to interact much with Vi in front of her grandfather, so she returned the wheelchair to Vi, took the suitcase, and left.

    “Mnie.” Vi stopped her and said hesitantly, “Eugene went to get the medical report. He’s on the way back now. You can ask him to help you with your suitcase.”

    Vi sounded concerned, but Mnie knew that Vi was showing off that Eugene was hers.

    Just as Mnie was about to refuse, Eugene had already arrived.

    As soon as Vi saw him, she waved and said, “Eugene,e and help Mnie. It’s hard for her to carry such a big suitcase alone.”

    “Eugene?” Albert was still standing nearby. He frowned and looked between Vi and Eugene. He had a feeling that something was wrong.

    Vi noticed Albert’s gaze, so she carefully hugged Eugene’s arm and shook it. “Eugene, this old man turns out to be Mnie’s grandfather. He helped me just now.”

    Eugene looked at Mnie’s grandfather, nodded to him, and asked, “Are you getting discharged today?”

    Albert did not answer the question. Instead, he nced at Vi and asked Eugene in a low voice, “Eugene, what is your rtionship with this girl?”

    Albert was referring to Vi.

    Mnie also looked at Eugene, waiting for his answer.

    “Vi is my girlfriend.” Eugene’s expression was unchanged.

    Mnie looked at him and withdrew her gaze. ‘What was I expecting just now? Did I expect Eugene to say that Vi has nothing to do with him?‘

    Mnie closed her eyes in silence for a moment. When she opened her eyes, she calmly picked

    up

    the suitcase and held her grandfather’s arm. “Let me take you home first.”

    However, the old man simply shook off her hand. He still maintained hisposure, even though he wanted to lose his temper.

    Albert looked at Eugene and asked, “When did you and Mel break up?”

 ###Chapter 33

    Mnie’s eyebrows twitched. She subconsciously looked at Eugene, who did not answer the question. Instead, he looked at Mnie with an expressionless face.

    Mnie had been with Eugene for such a long time, so she understood what he meant with that gaze.

    He wanted her to take the initiative to exin to her grandfather.

    Albert frowned and looked at her. “Mel?”

    Mnie slowly dug nails into her palm, nced at Eugene, and lowered her eyshes as she exined to her grandfather in a soft voice, “We broke up a long time ago.”

    After saying that, Mnie slowly loosened her grip. She reached out to take the suitcase and said, “Grandpa, let’s go.”

    Before Mnie touched the handle of the suitcase, Eugene took it from her.

    He lifted the suitcase and looked at Mnie’s grandfather. “I’ll help you guys take it down.”

    “Eugene, we’ll go back to the ward and wait for you.” Vi spoke in a soft and sweet voice. She politely said goodbye to Mnie’s grandfather. “Grandpa, thank you for helping me just now. I hope that you have a speedy recovery.”

    When the elevator arrived, Mnie stopped and said, “You don’t need to send us downstairs.”

    After she finished speaking, she reached for the suitcase and prepared to leave.

    Before Eugene could speak, Mnie’s grandfather said, “Eugene, I want to talk to you.”

    Mnie frowned. Just as she was trying to find an excuse for Eugene, Eugene’s phone rang.

    Mnie was close to him, so she saw Vi on the caller ID.

    She quickly looked away. Eugene answered the phone without avoiding Mnie and her grandfather. Vi said something, to which Eugene hummed in response before he hung up the phone.

    Eugene looked expressionless as he nodded to Albert. “Sorry, I have to go now.”

    Although he said he was sorry, his attitude did not show any remorse.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and took the suitcase. It was only less than two minutes when Vi parted ways with Eugene.

    She dragged the suitcase and walked slowly with her grandfather to the parking lot.

    The old man had a deep frown and a glum face the entire time.

    It was not until Mnie sent him back to the nursing home that he said, “Mel, what’s going on between you and Eugene?”

    “Nothing.” Mnie was still sorting out the medicine Albert needed to take every day. She stopped for a moment and said nonchntly, “We’re just not a good fit for each other. I didn’t tell you before because I didn’t want you to worry.”

    Mnie did not know who this rhetoric was intended for. Her eyshes trembled slightly, and

    she felt that it made sense.

    She and Eugene were indeed not suitable for each other.

    The photo of Eugene pushing Vi’s father in the wheelchair at Paramount Hospital was circted within LeapCo because an employee who went for a check–up in the hospital happened to bump into them.

    Eugene’s employees had never seen such an approachable side of him and could not help but sigh.

    Mnie also saw the photo, but she remained calm. When Eugene wanted to be nice to someone, no one could stop him.

    Even though Mnie did not care about this, many of her colleagues still tried to tease her about it.

    Mnie and Eugene’s rtionship was not a secret at LeapCo. Thus, those who disliked Mnie took this opportunity to make fun of her.

    She bumped into Vi several times during meetings, but she ignored Vi and did her own thing.

    One time, Vi took the initiative to greet Mnie, but she used work as an excuse to avoid Vi.

    Vi pretended not to see Mnie after that.

    On Friday morning, everyone attended the scheduled meeting. As soon as the meeting ended, Vi came in with a document and looked at Mnie embarrassedly. “Mnie, you submitted this document, right?”

 ###Chapter 34

    “Mnie? Innocent?” Simon snorted and said with disdain, “She’s next door right now with that old geezer, Frank Yates. Don’t you know what that man is like?”

    In Jepton, Frank was well–known in the business world for being notoriously difficult to deal with. He was cunning and stubborn. Mnie had already drunk no less than five sses of wine, but he still refused to talk about business.

    Instead, he poured her another ss of wine and said with a lewd smile, “Ms. Smith, I’ve heard about you for a long time. You’re so beautiful. Mr. Scott sure is lucky.”

    Mnie did not have a high alcohol tolerance. In the past, she would bring an assistant when she went out for social engagements, but this time, she could not find anyone suitable to bring along.

    She wanted to stop him from filling up her wine ss, but Frank seized the opportunity and held her palm. He squeezed her hand and said, “Ms. Smith, you have such smooth skin.”

    Even though Mnie was dizzy, she immediately withdrew her hand and stood up. She endured the difort in her heart and said, “I’m sorry. I need to use the bathroom.”

    Mnie felt dizzy after a few drinks. She leaned on the sink to calm down and suppress the

    nausea.

    The hotel corridor was long, and Mnie walked very slowly out of the bathroom.

    She felt sick when she thought of Frank’s lecherous gaze sizing her up.

    Suddenly, a private room door on the side opened, and Mnie bumped into the personing out.

    Simon did not expect to bump into Mnie. He smelled the alcohol on her body and subconsciously took two steps back.

    Mnie raised her head and nced at him, then her eyes fell on Eugene.

    She said, “Sorry.”

    Simon went out to answer the phone, so he walked past her and said impatiently, “Don’t block my way.”

    Mnie was the only one left at the door. Somehow, she was frozen on the spot.

    Someone suddenly shouted, “Mnie.”

    Mnie raised her head and heard someone else say, “Close the door.”

    Mnie came to her senses and silently closed the door. Then she walked back to her private dining room.

    After she left, the man who spoke earlier med himself and muttered, “Why do I feel like I’ve gone overboard? She looks like she’s about to cry.”

    His friend next to him smiled and said, “Don’t think about her. Drink up! It’s

    your

    turn!”

    When Mnie returned to the dining room, Frank’s two secretaries had already left. Frank was

    the only one there.

    He saw Mnie and gestured to her to fill up his wine ss. “Ms. Smith, you promised not to leave until we got drunk tonight.”

    Mnie knew that Frank was no longer thinking about the contract. She nced at the wine ss and raised her hand to push it away. “Mr. Yates, I’m a little drunk, so I don’t think now is a good time to discuss business. Let’s meet another day.”

    After she finished speaking, she wanted to leave. However, Frank did not agree. He grabbed Mnie’s wrist and said, “We can only discuss business after getting drunk.”

    Mnie felt nauseous and wanted to get away from him.

    While she was struggling, the private room door was pushed open. A cold male voice sounded. “Mnie, how long do you want me to wait for you?”

    Mnie turned around to see Eugene standing there calmly. His eyes nced at her from time to time.

    Eugene was not in a hurry to drive. He lowered the car windows and looked at the neon lights outside. He asked in a mocking tone, “Since when did you start doing this to close a deal?”

    Mnie rubbed her forehead and said nothing. She had a severe headache.

    Eugene snorted coldly, put one hand on the steering wheel, and stepped on the elerator.

    The cold wind outside made Mnie shiver. She wanted to close the car window, but Eugene said, “Don’t close it. You reek of alcohol.”

    Mnie had always been good at understanding Eugene’s emotions. Even if she was drunk at the moment, she could still tell that he was angry.

    The reason he was angry was probably because she smelled of alcohol.

    Thus, she leaned a little closer to the window.

 ###Chapter 35

    “Mnie? Innocent?” Simon snorted and said with disdain, “She’s next door right now with that old geezer, Frank Yates. Don’t you know what that man is like?”

    In Jepton, Frank was well–known in the business world for being notoriously difficult to deal with. He was cunning and stubborn. Mnie had already drunk no less than five sses of wine, but he still refused to talk about business.

    Instead, he poured her another ss of wine and said with a lewd smile, “Ms. Smith, I’ve heard about you for a long time. You’re so beautiful. Mr. Scott sure is lucky.”

    Mnie did not have a high alcohol tolerance. In the past, she would bring an assistant when she went out for social engagements, but this time, she could not find anyone suitable to bring along.

    She wanted to stop him from filling up her wine ss, but Frank seized the opportunity and held her palm. He squeezed her hand and said, “Ms. Smith, you have such smooth skin.”

    Even though Mnie was dizzy, she immediately withdrew her hand and stood up. She endured the difort in her heart and said, “I’m sorry. I need to use the bathroom.”

    Mnie felt dizzy after a few drinks. She leaned on the sink to calm down and suppress the

    nausea.

    The hotel corridor was long, and Mnie walked very slowly out of the bathroom.

    She felt sick when she thought of Frank’s lecherous gaze sizing her up.

    Suddenly, a private room door on the side opened, and Mnie bumped into the personing out.

    Simon did not expect to bump into Mnie. He smelled the alcohol on her body and subconsciously took two steps back.

    Mnie raised her head and nced at him, then her eyes fell on Eugene.

    She said, “Sorry.”

    Simon went out to answer the phone, so he walked past her and said impatiently, “Don’t block my way.”

    Mnie was the only one left at the door. Somehow, she was frozen on the spot.

    Someone suddenly shouted, “Mnie.”

    Mnie raised her head and heard someone else say, “Close the door.”

    Mnie came to her senses and silently closed the door. Then she walked back to her private dining room.

    After she left, the man who spoke earlier med himself and muttered, “Why do I feel like I’ve gone overboard? She looks like she’s about to cry.”

    His friend next to him smiled and said, “Don’t think about her. Drink up! It’s

    your

    turn!”

    When Mnie returned to the dining room, Frank’s two secretaries had already left. Frank was

    the only one there.

    He saw Mnie and gestured to her to fill up his wine ss. “Ms. Smith, you promised not to leave until we got drunk tonight.”

    Mnie knew that Frank was no longer thinking about the contract. She nced at the wine ss and raised her hand to push it away. “Mr. Yates, I’m a little drunk, so I don’t think now is a good time to discuss business. Let’s meet another day.”

    After she finished speaking, she wanted to leave. However, Frank did not agree. He grabbed Mnie’s wrist and said, “We can only discuss business after getting drunk.”

    Mnie felt nauseous and wanted to get away from him.

    While she was struggling, the private room door was pushed open. A cold male voice sounded. “Mnie, how long do you want me to wait for you?”

    Mnie turned around to see Eugene standing there calmly. His eyes nced at her from time to time.

    Eugene was not in a hurry to drive. He lowered the car windows and looked at the neon lights outside. He asked in a mocking tone, “Since when did you start doing this to close a deal?”

    Mnie rubbed her forehead and said nothing. She had a severe headache.

    Eugene snorted coldly, put one hand on the steering wheel, and stepped on the elerator.

    The cold wind outside made Mnie shiver. She wanted to close the car window, but Eugene said, “Don’t close it. You reek of alcohol.”

    Mnie had always been good at understanding Eugene’s emotions. Even if she was drunk at the moment, she could still tell that he was angry.

    The reason he was angry was probably because she smelled of alcohol.

    Thus, she leaned a little closer to the window.

 ###Chapter 36

    36 

    Eugene helped Mnie into her house. Soon after, his phone rang.

    Vi asked him when he would be there, as he had promised to apany herter. After hanging up the phone, Eugene wanted to leave, but Mnie held his fingers. Mnie sat obediently on the sofa, holding his hand. She drank a lot, so she smelled of alcohol, and her eyes were bloodshot.

    Eugene paused. Mnie wrapped her hand around his wrist, raised her head, and said in a hoarse voice, “Eugene, you haven’te to see me for a long time.”

    After she finished speaking, she stood up, hooked her arms around Eugene’s neck, and kissed his lips.

    When Mnie woke up the next day, her whole body ached.

    She rubbed her temples and went to the bathroom. When she stood in front of the full–length mirror in the bathroom and saw the mottled marks on her body, she knew thatst night was not a dream.

    However, Eugene was very careful this time to not leave any marks on her neck.

    That was probably because he was afraid that Vi would be suspicious.

    The news of Mnie messing up thepany’s five–million–dor deal quickly spread in the office.

    Julie took advantage of this opportunity to make some snide remarks at Mnie.

    Vi did not mock Mnie this time. Instead, Mnie heard that Vi quarreled with Eugene again.

    Mnie rarely met Vi in the staff cafeteria aside from the beginning, when Vi first joined thepany. After that, Vi always went out for lunch with Eugene.

    Vi was walking with a tray in hand next to Julie. She was stunned for a moment when she saw Mnie.

    Mnie did not have a good rtionship with Vi, so she turned around and left. However, Vi followed Mnie, sat across from her, and asked hesitantly, “Mnie, do you know where Eugene wasst night?”

    Vi was testing the waters.

    Mnie paused for a moment before she said calmly, “You don’t know where he went?”

    Vi pursed her lips and said reluctantly, “I had something to dost night. I didn’t know where he went.”

    Mnie’s expression remained unchanged. “Well, maybe he was working.”

    Vi was speechless. She ate a few bites of food and left in a hurry.

    In the afternoon, Vi followed behind Eugene, looking as if she had never quarreled with

    him.

    212

    Vi trotted over to Mnie and said, “Mnie, Eugene told me to n thepany’s team- building activities in a few days.”

    LeapCo gave many benefits to the employees. Every year, Mnie would organize thepany’s team–building activities.

    Thus, Mnie handed the almostpleted document to Vi. “I’m almost done with it. You can redo it if you think it’s not good enough.”

    Vi took it over. The smile on her face faded a little. “Okay.”

    Mnie was not bothered to guess what Vi was thinking because she was busy arranging her business trip next week.

    LeapCo had many partners in other states, so Eugene had to travel out of town several times. during the midyear.

    Mnie did not know if Eugene would take her with him again this year. After all, he now had Vi by his side.

    The next day, Eugene informed Mnie to follow him to Hearth City.

    Mnie was a little surprised. “Is Vi going?”

    Eugene did not even bother to look at her. “What do you think?”

    Of course, Vi would go. However, Vi was just an intern and did not know much about the business in Hearth City, so she would be going as Eugene’s girlfriend while Mnie was just his secretary.

 ###Chapter 37

    The business partner in Hearth City sent someone to wait at the airport early in the morning. In the past, Eugene had always brought Mnie with him, so the business partner walked up to them and tried to curry favor with them.

    Vi felt neglected on the side. She tugged on Eugene’s sleeves, and her face was pale.

    Having cooperated with thispany many times, Eugene negotiated the new terms without a hitch. Mnie took out the documents from her bag and handed them to Eugene and the business partner. Then she habitually reminded Vi, “Don’t forget to make a reservation for dinnerter.”

    Vi froze on the spot. She was already embarrassed that she could not join in the conversation.

    On top of that, Mnie bossed her around like she was a mere intern.

    Vi pursed her lips. She did not move for a while and only looked at Eugene with red eyes.

    Mnie only came to her senses afterward. She said, “Sorry, I mistook you for Yana.”

    Vi said in a soft voice, “It’s okay, Mnie.”

    Mnie paused, nced at her lightly, then turned to Yana, who was behind her. “Make a reservation for dinner. Do you still remember Mr. Zimmer’s food restrictions?”

    Vi’s face turned even paler.

    She did not join the dinner and excused herself to go back to the hotel to rest because she felt unwell.

    Vi looked at Eugene eagerly. “Eugene, can you take me back?”

    Mnie thought that Eugene would not agree to take Vi back because he wanted to have dinner with Mr. Zimmer. However, Eugene nodded and said, “Okay, I’ll send you back.”

    Eugene turned to look at Mnie. “I’ll join you guys in a moment.”

    However, Eugene stayed with Vi for so long that he missed the dinner party.

    After Mnie sent off Mr. Zimmer, she hailed a taxi back to the hotel.

    The door to Vi and Eugene’s room was tightly closed. Mnie did not know if they were in there.

    The business deal in Hearth City was handled quickly. Mnie thought it would be fine from then on.

    However, a photo of Mnie and Frank drinking together intimately was circted online.

    The angle it was taken from looked like Mnie had taken the initiative to throw herself into Frank’s embrace.

    Yana had shown Mnie the photo and asked worriedly, “Mnie, will you be okay?” Mnie looked at the photo for a while and clicked on the group chat expressionlessly.

    The group chat was active at the time. The guys were talking about games, beauties, and sports cars.

    Mnie scrolled through the messages but did not find anything about the photo of her.

    Just as she exited the screen, a message popped up in the group chat. [Who took that photo of Mnie and that old geezer, Frank? How scandalous!]

    Mnie stared at the screen and read the messages of people making fun of her.

    Someone even tagged Eugene. [How did you feel when you saw Mnie hugging Frank? @ EugeneScott]

    This question seemed to spark the group’s excitement. The group started to tag Eugene one after another.

    Half a minuteter, Eugene finally replied. [Get lost.]

    Mnie turned off her phone expressionlessly. On the day she returned to Jepton, this photo still caused quite a stir. More people in thepany were talking about her behind her back.

    “Mnie, someone is here to see you.” Yana came in with copied documents. She was one of the rare people who was still willing to talk to Mnie.

    Mnie nodded and went to the reception room.

    Stephen was sitting inside with a familiar–looking young man.

    Mnie thought about it for a moment and recalled that the young man was also a part of Eugene’s circle. However, this man did not usually have a strong sense of presence.

    When the man saw her, he stood up awkwardly and said, “I’m sorry, Mnie. I took that photo and posted it in the group. I didn’t expect it to have such a big impact on you.”

 ###Chapter 38

    38 

    Mnie paused. “You took the photo?”

    “I took the photo casually.” The young man felt embarrassed because this was an invasion of privacy. Moreover, he also saw Eugene taking Mnie out of the private room.

    However, the man did not think about the consequences when he sent out the picture in the group chat.

    He only felt bad about it when he heard a lot of unpleasant rumors about Mnie.

    “My name is Joshua Hewitt.” The man scratched his head and continued, “I just feel bad about what I did, so please let me know if you need any help.”

    Mnie said nothing. She looked at Joshua and remembered that he was the guy who had asked her to close the private room door that night.

    Joshua was too embarrassed to stay longer, so he apologized again and left.

    Mnie looked at Stephen, who had been silent this whole time. “Do you have anything to say to me?”

    “Are you okay?” Stephen’s gentle voice was filled with concern. “The recent events…”

    Before he finished speaking, Mnie interrupted him. “It didn’t affect me.‘

    >>

    Stephen looked at her helplessly and said, “Shall we have dinner together tonight?”

    Mnie and Stephen stayed in the reception room for a while. Just as Mnie was about to go back to the office, Yana came over in a hurry.

    When she saw Mnie, she caught her breath and said, “Mnie, a client is making trouble in the secretary’s office.”

    Yana looked troubled. When Mnie passed by, she realized that the client was a woman.

    The client pointed at a female secretary in the secretary’s office and cursed the homewrecker for seducing her husband.

    The secretary’s face turned red from embarrassment. Mnie frowned and stepped forward. ” Ma’am, please calm down. We can talk through any problems.”

    The client was so agitated that she did not listen to Mnie and pushed her away.

    Mnie was wearing high heels, so she twisted her ankle when the client pushed her. She almost fell, but someone held her shoulders from behind.

    Stephen supported Mnie and asked worriedly, “Are you okay?”

    Mnie carefully rolled her ankle, lowered her eyes, and nodded.

    In the end, Eugene was aware of this matter. He came downstairs when Mnie had just calmed the client down.

    Eugene nced at Mnie and asked Vi to take the client to the reception room.

    When Vi passed by Mnie, she intentionally lowered her voice and said, “Mnie, I know you’ve been in a bad mood recently. But if there are any problems, you should have called the

    president’s office.”

    Although Vi lowered her voice, the office was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop because no one was talking.

    What else could Mnie be upset about recently?

    Vi was referring to that picture of Mnie and Frank.

    At the mention of this, everyone turned to look at Mnie strangely.

    772

    Someone took advantage of the situation and whispered, “Sigh… Her subordinate is just like her. If she used her body to get to her position, how can we expect her subordinate to be any better?”

    Stephen did not leave. He frowned and red at the person who spoke. Then he looked back at Mnie and asked, “Do you want to go to the hospital?”

    Just as Mnie was about to refuse, he said, “You sprained your ankle, so it’s better to get it checked out.”

    Mnie was stunned. “How did you know?”

    Stephen’s tone was gentle and soft. “Don’t be so stubborn.”

    Mnie said nothing, but she had already reached for her bag, showing her agreement.

    Eugene, who had turned back, happened to see Stephen supporting Mnie and holding her bag.

    He paused slightly and looked down at Mnie’s right ankle.

    Mnie also saw him, but she waited for him to speak.

    Eugene looked at her with dark eyes. “Did you get injured just now?”

    “Yeah. I got pushed.”

 ###Chapter 39

    39 

    Eugene looked at Mnie again and left without saying anything.

    Mnie looked at his back, pursed her lips, and went to the hospital with Stephen’s help.

    It was not until Mnie was waiting to collect her medicine in the hospital that she finally knew why Eugene came by to see her.

    Ste posted about the Scott family’s dinner party that night on social media.

    Eugene did not have a close rtionship with his family, so he was always not bothered to get involved in anything rting to his family. Thus, he always got Mnie to attend in his stead.

    Mnie put down the phone and looked at her swollen ankle with mixed feelings. ‘Eugene only thinks of me when he needs me.‘

    Mnie did not have any fractures, so she only had to apply some ointment and was cleared to go home.

    Stephen went out to buy a pair of ts for her and sent her home.

    Since Mnie’s foot hurt when it touched the ground, Stephen insisted on sending her home regardless of her objections.

    When he left, Stephen opened the door just in time to catch Eugene going into his apartment.

    Stephen paused and said hello to him.

    Eugene looked at Mnie’s door, which was still ajar, and sneered.

    Stephen frowned and somehow said, “Eugene, Mel is injured.”

    Eugene paused while opening his door. “Didn’t you take her to the hospital?”

    Stephen calmed his emotions and said, “You shouldn’t treat her like that. You two…”

    He stopped mid–sentence because he was a little confused about how he should describe the rtionship between Eugene and Mnie.

    Mnie had undoubtedly been with Eugene the longest. However, Eugene had never really acknowledged her as his girlfriend.

    Stephen slowly frowned, shook his head, and repeated, “You shouldn’t treat her like this.

    “She is not my girlfriend.” Eugene opened the door and said nonchntly, “I have no obligation to take responsibility for her.”

    After he finished speaking, the door behind Stephen closed gently, which made a thud in the quiet corridor.

    Mnie saw that the door was ajar and thought that Stephen had forgotten to close it, so she went to close the door. However, she did not expect to hear Eugene’s voice.

    She identally slipped and pushed the door shut.

    In fact, Eugene was right.

    Mnie was not his girlfriend. He never admitted it, and she never asked.

    Even if she did ask, it would be pointless.

    Mnie’s ankle no longer hurt by the third day.

    On that day, the activities for LeapCo’s team–building event were finalized.

    Mnie saw the activities and noticed that they were simr to her proposal, except that the final game was changed.

    When Yana came in, she had a gloomy expression and went straight to her desk without saying anything.

    Mnie noticed Yana’s mood and asked, “What’s wrong?”

    “Those secretaries upstairs think that they’re superior to others,” Yanained angrily. “I wanted to ask Mr. Scott to sign a document, but Julie and Vi didn’t allow me to go into the president’s office.”

    Mnie said, “Then you can pass them the document and ask them to return it to you after getting Mr. Scott’s signature.”

    “They didn’t want to, saying I must get the document signed by myself. That’s because they didn’t want to be responsible if something went wrong.” Yana had always been good–natured, but this time, she must be vexed to have lost her temper.

    Mnie pondered for a moment and said, “I’ll get it signed for you.”

 ###Chapter 40

    Yana hesitated. Everyone in LeapCo knew about Mnie and Vi’s strained rtionship. Mnie did not care and took the document upstairs.

    She was lucky because Vi and Julie were in the bathroom when she went upstairs. So, she took the document and went directly to Eugene.

    Eugene did not expect to see her, so he raised his eyebrows slightly.

    Mnie handed over the document and said, “I need your signature.”

    Eugene took the document, opened the file, and signed it.

    Mnie’s eyshes trembled slightly when she watched him sign without reading the document.

    The first lesson Eugene taught her was to read any contract carefully, even if it was handed over by someone she knew well.

    “How’s your ankle?” Eugene randomly started a conversation while signing the document.

    Mnie said softly, “It’s almost healed.”

    “Can you participate in the team–building event?”

    “Yes.” Mnie watched him sign the contract and hand it over. She took it and was about to leave when Eugene said, “You can reimburse your medical fees at the finance department.”

    Mnie did not move and looked at Eugene.

    Eugene paused and said, “Someone took a video and posted it online. The public rtions department wants to use your injury to make a statement.”

    Eugene’s eyes were empty without emotion when he looked at Mnie.

    Mnie parted her lips slightly and said in a soft voice, “I thought you would at least ask me if it still hurt.”

    Eugene’s hand, which was holding a pen, paused. He said, “You can get double thepensation and paid leave.”

    “Okay.”

    When Mnie came out of the office, she met Vi and Julieing back from the bathroom.

    When Vi saw Mnieing out of Eugene’s office, she looked nervous and defensive. She came over with a fake smile and said, “Mnie, why are you here?”

    Mnie nced at her and walked past her without responding.

    Vi bit her lip and went back to her desk.

    LeapCo’s team–building event at a hot spring resort.

    Eugene approved the proposal and booked the resort so that every employee at LeapCo could spend the weekend together.

    Everyone in the secretary’s office was very excited when they found out about the location.

    After all, booking a high–end hot spring resort as a team–building event was rare, even in LeapCo.

    Not long after the news came out, someone leaked the news that Vi was the one who nned all this.

    Everyone immediately started to cheer. Those who were good at ttering Vi even started calling her theirdy boss.

    Vi was pestered by so many people that she sent out some goody bags to appease everyone. She also messaged the group. [I hope everyone will enjoy their weekend!]

    She already sounded like ady boss.

    Mnie thought about the team–building n that Vi had tweaked and went to the pantry with a mug.

    Vi came downstairs to do some work and was standing there chatting with some finance people.

    “It’s all thanks to Vi that we can go to the hot spring resort this time. I’ve been working at LeapCo for so many years, but this is the first time we have had such treatment.” The deputy director of the Finance Department said with a smile, “Vi, I heard that you’re responsible for the team–building proposal this time, right?”

    Vi had a sweet smile on her face. She had a baby face, which made her look more lovable.

    She did not admit or deny it.

    However, such silence was taken as acquiescence.

    Mnie walked in expressionlessly and poured herself a ss of water.

    When Vi saw Mnie, the smile on her face froze.

    Mnie did not say anything. She just took her mug and left, but the person behind her said in a disdainful tone, “When Mnie was in charge of the team–building events, she had never proposed going to such a nice ce before. Ourdy boss, Vi, is still the best!”

    Mnie did not know what Vi’s answer was because she had already gone back to her desk to pack her things.

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

    X

 ###Chapter 41

    41 

    The team–building event was set on the weekend. Everyone gathered at thepany before boarding the bus together.

    Just as Mnie headed out, she bumped into Eugene.

    Eugene nced at her, but he did not offer to give her a lift.

    Mnie arrived minutester than Eugene. The man had good driving skills, so he could drive fast and steadily.

    Meanwhile, Mnie was stuck in the traffic for a while.

    Thepany had booked five buses, and Mnie was on the same bus as Yana.

    Yana didn’t like taking the bus. She looked at Vi outside the bus enviously as she

    Vi had casually said she did not want to take the bus because she would suffer from motion sickness. Just like that, Eugene came in his luxurious and expensive Maybach.

    Mnie retracted her gaze and looked at her phone instead. The video of the Ragdoll cat Stephen had sent her was on the screen. It was a cat he was raising.

    She missed Eugene’s gaze as soon as she looked at her phone.

    All Eugene could see was her side profile. His gaze on her was calm, and no one could guess what he was thinking.

    “Eugene? Are you listening?” Vi tugged his arm as she spoke in an aggrieved tone.

    Eugene stopped looking at Mnie as he slowly fixed his gaze on Vi. With a puzzled look, he asked, “What did you say?”

    “I asked you about my attire. Do I look good in it?” Vi tugged the skirt she wore as she looked at Eugene anxiously.

    “You look pretty,” answered Eugene without hesitation.

    Only then was Vi satisfied. She hugged Eugene’s arm as they walked past the bus.

    Mnie stopped looking at the video and lifted her head, only to see Eugene and Vi walking away. 

    She could see Eugene holding Vi’s hand with care.

    The spa resort was halfway up the mountain. It was already noon when they arrived.

    Mnie and Yana returned to their room to take a nap after lunch.

    Just as they fell asleep, someone knocked on their door, asking them if they were interested in going for a hike up the mountain. Mnie had a sprained ankle, so she rejected their invitation.

    Everyone in the hotel had already left when she woke up from her nap.

    Only after she asked the hotel staff did she know that they had gone hiking.

    Grabbing a book, she headed to the gazebo outside to get some fresh air.

    However, she stumbled into Eugene while making a turn in the corridor.

    He had just hung up a call when he happened to see Mnie. Frowning, he asked, “Why didn’t you go hiking with them?”

    “I didn’t feel like going,” said Mnie. Eugene might have forgotten that her ankle had just recovered.

    Eugene wanted to say something when his phone rang again. He went aside to answer it.

    Hearing his serious tone, Mnie guessed that the call had to do with work.

    Maybe because her mind had strayed from thinking about Eugene, she missed a step on the stairs when walking down.

    Losing her bnce, she almost fell.

    Suddenly, she caught a whiff of a minty fragrance from behind, and it assailed her nostrils. A strong arm grabbed her waist, stopping her from falling off the stairs. Eugene held his phone with one and supported her with another.

    His forehead creased as he reprimanded her, “Why are you so troublesome?”

    The minty scent surrounded her, yet it faded away as soon as she stood still.

    Eugene looked at her from above. His gaze on her was cold and distant. “Don’t you know how to walk? Or did you do this on purpose?”

    Mnie remained silent for a while before asking, “What do you mean by on purpose?“.

    Eugene had a faint smirk on his face. “Are you asking this on purpose too, Mnie?”

    “No…” Before Mnie could exin herself, Vi leaped toward them. Even the other colleagues who had gone hiking had all returned.

    Mnie was about to distance herself from Eugene when she heard him say in a deep voice, ” It’s disgusting looking at you putting on such an act.”

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

 ###Chapter 42

    apter 42 

    Mnie was still stunned when Vi approached them.

    “What are you guys talking about? I saw you two standing together just now.” Vi appeared before them and seemed to be acting coquettishly. However, she was actually probing what they were up to.

    Eugene was calm. “Nothing.”

    He then diverted the topic. “Was it fun up the mountain?”

    Vi knew Eugene was trying to avoid the topic. She had always been good at observing people. She simply answered his question.

    When she walked past Mnie, she stopped and said something out of her will, “Mnie, it’s a pity you didn’t go.

    The view there was magnificent.”

    That night, Vi arranged a Truth or Dare game session. Everyone was divided into a few groups.

    Mnie avoided being in the same group as Vi and Eugene. She chose to be with a group of colleagues she was not familiar with.

    The game went on as normal in the beginning, and everyone tactfully avoided asking awkward questions. However, as they continued ying, everyone got more excited.

    When it was Mnie’s turn to answer, her colleague seemingly asked her a question out of nowhere, “Mnie, when did you have your first night, and who did you sleep with?”

    Mnie was at a loss for words upon hearing that question.

    Vi, who happened to be serving them a fruit bowl, heard that question. She was also startled.

    stering a smile on her face, she asked, “How could you ask a woman such a private question?”

    “With Eugene when I was 20 years old,” Mnie answered as soon as Vi spoke.

    Her voice was not loud, but many people had been waiting for her answer, and it was quiet. Most of them heard it.

    Vi’s face turned pale. She quickly put down the fruit bowl and left with tears shimmering in her eyes.

    The atmosphere was awkward, yet Mnie was calm. Spinning the bottle, she asked, “Shall we continue?”

    All the employees were smart. They chuckled and acted as if nothing had happened. Mnie yed a few more rounds before losing interest in the game.

    Thus, she headed to her room. Just as she turned into the corridor, someone approached her from behind and stopped’her.

    It was Eugene with a frown on his face. “Can we talk?”

    Mnie lifted her eyebrow. “What do you want to talk about?”

    Eugene stared at her for a while, and his furrowed brows loosened. “Forget it.”

    “Are you here to me me for saying that during the game?” asked Mnie.

    Eugene stared into her eyes. “Who are you trying to tell that? Me or Vi?”

    After he spoke, he sneered as if he did not care. “I had already forgotten about that. Why are you still recalling it?”

    That answer was out of Mnie’s expectation. “I was just answering their question.”

    “Don’t tell others about this. I won’t be able to exin it to her.” Eugene looked frustrated.

    Mnie wanted to retort him by saying there was nothing to exin. Everyone in thepany knew what had happened between Eugene and her.

    However, her mind was in a mess, and she did not speak out her thoughts.

    Mnie did not join any other activities held throughout the team–building event. Vi also did not force herself to speak to Mnie.

    Vi’s attitude toward Mnie was even more off when they were back at work.

    Even Yana sensed something was off. She had told Mnie countless times that the higher- ups seemed to be making things difficult for Mnie.

    Mnie did not say anything about it as she tidied up her desk. She had a dinner date with Stephen.

    To be precise, Stephen had asked her out quite a few times, yet she never had the time.

    Stephen had booked a table at a famous restaurant. When Mnie arrived, he said with some embarrassment, “I’m sorry, that I asked you toe to such a restaurant with me, Mel.”

    “This ce looks fine.”

    Stephen smiled. “How are things going with you?”

    Mnie knew he was asking about her situation with Eugene. “It’s just the same as before.”

    “Eugene…” Stephen looked worried. He felt sorry for Mnie. She had dated Eugene for years, and almost everyone in the business circle knew about their rtionship.

 ###Chapter 43

    ter 43 

    Eugene had Vi now, and it seemed everything had changed.

    Mnie froze upon hearing Eugene’s name but quickly hid her flustered emotions.

    She wasn’t sure she was telling Stephen orforting herself, but she said, “I don’t own him. We’re adults who just benefited from each other.”

    “Mel.” Stephen frowned.

    “Instead of worrying about me, why don’t you find me a new boyfriend?” said Mnie monotonously.

    It was a difficult request as Mnie had been with Eugene for so long. Those people from decent families would not want a girlfriend like her.

    It was no different from dating a divorced woman.

    Sighing, Stephen decided to end this topic. He asked Mnie, “Has your leg recovered?”

    “Almost.”

    “Can you attend a banquet with me this weekend?”

    Stephen seemed to be in a dilemma. “It’s my aunt’s birthday, and she wants me to bring along a female partner.

    Mnie knew Stephen’s aunt, who was a famous dancer in Jepton.

    That night, she got dressed and waited for Stephen to pick her up.

    However, at 6:00 pm, Stephen called her and told her he would not be able to pick her up. She might have to take a taxi to the venue herself.

    Mnie did not mind and went downstairs to hail a taxi.

    However, it was a weekend night, and the traffic was heavy. When Mnie arrived, the

    banquet had already started.

    Mnie tried calling Stephen, but she could not reach him. She texted him, telling him that she would be waiting for him outside.

    “Eugene, I heard yourpany organized a team–building event at a spa resort.” Mnie was scrolling through her phone when she heard Simon’s voice from afar.

    Mnie froze for a moment before lifting her head. As expected, she saw Simon and Eugene.

    When Simon saw her at the door, he lifted his eyebrow. “Hey, are you working as a bellboy

    here?”

    Mnie ignored his ridicule and continued to wait for Stephen.

    “Do you need me to take you in? Hmm?” asked Eugene in his cold and distant voice.

    Mnie looked at her phone. Stephen had not replied to her message. She could only put away her phone and look at Eugene. “Thank you.”

    Eugene did not respond. He merely handed over the invitation and walked into the banquet

    hall.

    Just as they stepped in, they saw Stephen rushing toward the entrance.

    Mnie greeted him. He walked over helplessly while pointing at the few kids in the corner. They were asking me to y with them. I’m sorry for keeping you waiting, Mel.”

    Simon raised his eyebrow meaningfully. “Stephen, so you were the one who invited Miss Smith.”

    ((

    Eugene’s gaze had been on Mnie for quite a while. She had dressed up tonight and was wearing a beige dress with her hair tied up. This style enhanced her temperament, making her look elegant.

    Mnie did not notice Eugene’s gaze. She went to greet Eugene’s aunt with him.

    Simon whistled. “Mnie sure is something. Even Stephen has fallen for her.”

    Just as hemented, Joshua approached them with a ss of wine.

    The Hewitt family was not renowned enough in Jepton, so Joshua had always been considered an outcast among Simon’s friends.

    After he greeted Simon and Eugene, he stood there with his wine ss, looking as if he had something he wanted to say.

    Simon was annoyed to see him like this and asked casually, “Do you have something you want to say?”

    “Y–Yes.” Joshua seemed nervous. He nced at Mnie and then back at Eugene.

    After a while, he stuttered as he asked, “E–Eugene, are you already done with Mnie?”

    Eugene looked at him coldly. “Mm.”

    Joshua looked excited upon hearing that. “Do you think I stand a chance, then?”

 ###Chapter 44

    Eugene’s hand froze in midair. His gaze swept past Joshua before he took the ss of wine the waiter was serving. Then, he said in his clear voice, “I don’t know.”

    “Oh…” Joshua looked disappointed.

    Simon stood by and watched. He elbowed Joshua as he quipped, “I didn’t think you could be so

    ‘bold.”

    “My family is urging me to date someone soon.

    Mnie was too far from them to hear the conversation. She was with Stephen, meeting his

    aunt.

    Stephen’s aunt, Amber Lambert, was in her 40s, but she had been taking care of her

    appearance because she was a dancer.

    Casually, she observed Mnie from head to toe. Then, she smiled and asked Stephen, “Aren’t you going to introduce her to me?”

    Stephen cleared his throat. “Her name is Mnie Smith.”

    Expressionless, she said, “I know Miss Smith. Isn’t she in a rtionship with Mr. Scott, the president of LeapCo?”

    Then, she looked at Mnie again. It was a casual question, but her intention of probing was obvious. “Miss Smith, did youe with Mr. Scott?”

    “No,” answered Mnie.

    She handed her gift to Amber. “I came as Stephen’s friend. This is a birthday gift from me to you.”

    Amber was born with a silver spoon, and her arrogance ran down to her bone. The few photos of Frank and Mnie had been spreading widely in their circle. Naturally, Amber had seen them as well.

    Those wealthydies had all been gossiping about how Mnie was lucky enough to date Eugene. Amber despised Mnie’s status to begin with, and her impression of Mnie became even worse.

    She did not even nce at the gift Mnie handed her. Lifting her chin, she answeredzily, Just put it there.”

    Stephen noticed Amber’s change in attitude. He frowned. “Aunt Amber, Mnie came to give you her best wishes on your birthday.”

    Amber looked at him, her warning gaze obvious. “Stephen, your parents will be here soon.

    It seemed that she did not want Stephen to have anything to do with Mnie.

    Mnie pursed her lips and ced aside the gift she brought. Looking at Stephen, she said, I’ll excuse myself first, then.”

    “Mel!” Stephen subconsciously grabbed her wrist. He looked at her apologetically. “I’ll give you a liftter.”

    ((

    ((

    Eugene and Simon walked over to toast Amber. Although they were from different industries, Amber was still an elder to them.

    They saw Stephen holding Mnie’s wrist, telling her he would drive her back. Simon smiled meaningfully. “Looks like Mnie has changed her target to Stephen after you dumped her.‘

    Eugene continued walking. When he walked past Mnie, he nced at Stephen’s grip on Mnie’s wrist.

    It was Amber’s birthday, and everyone close to the Lambert family was in attendance. Eugene and Simon had to toast the elders as they were the juniors.

    Mnie sat on the sofa in the corner as she looked at Eugene, who was socializing with ease. Before this, she had been by his side, drinking wine on his behalf.

    However, he rarely told her he was attending any banquet recently. Maybe it was because he had Vi to apany him now.

    Mnie wondered why he did not bring Vi to this banquet.

    She sat at the corner, and almost no one spoke to her. Only Stephen and Joshua approached her.

    She had a good impression of Joshua, so she gave her number out of courtesy when he asked for it.

    When she walked to the hotel entrance, she saw Eugene sitting on the sofa in the lounge with a frown. He looked displeased.

    Mnie understood he had to drink since no one was there to drink for him.

    Stephen called her name in a gentle voice, “Mel, wait for me here. I’ll go and get the car.” “Alright.” Mnie drooped her eyes as she draped the coat around her body.

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

    im

    X

 ###Chapter 45

    The doors to the hotel opened, and the wind from outside blew in. It was indeed cold.

    Stephen had walked out, and Mnie wanted to wait for him at a corner of the corridor, but she saw Eugene opening his eyes.

    He was a little drunk, so the corner of his eyes was red, and his pupils were still dark.

    Eugene’s gaze fell on Mnie. Her brows furrowed subconsciously when she heard him say, Mnie, drive me home.”

    Startled, she did not move.

    She looked around. Simon or any other friends of Eugene were nowhere to be seen.

    Not getting a response from her annoyed Eugene. His expression turned gloomy as his fixed on Mnie.

    She lowered her eyelids and spoke in a voice that was loud enough for Eugene to hear, “I didn’t drive here. Ask Simon to drive you home.”

    eyes

    Eugene stared at her as he smirked meaningfully. He mocked, “Are you really dating Stephen now?”

    Mnie looked at her feet, saying, “It’s none of your concern. Stephen and I are just friends.”

    She wasn’t sure if Eugene believed her, but he closed his eyes once more.

    Mnie moved her lips but eventually swallowed the words she was about to say.

    She could not give Eugene a lift.

    Eugene was drunk now, so it would actually be fine. However, once he sobered up, he would misunderstand and think she did it on purpose.

    Stephen happened to drive over in his car. Mnie nced at Eugene onest time before heading toward the car.

    Stephen said, “I saw Eugene in the lobby just now.

    “He might be waiting for someone,” Mnie responded calmly.

    Stephen stopped asking and drove Mnie home. Before he left her house, he handed her a small box inside the car. “I did this for fun. Take it as a gift of appreciation for tonight.”

    In the box was a y figurine that looked real and beautiful.

    Mnie did not expect Stephen to have such a talent. Back home, she appreciated the figurine for a while before keeping it on the table on top of the box.

    She had worn thick makeup that night and took longer to shower.

    When she walked out of the shower, she saw Eugene on the sofa in the living room.

    Mnie’s footsteps froze. The lock of her house was a password lock, and Eugene knew the password.

    Her action ofbing her hair stopped as she stood still.

    ((

    Eugene reeked of alcohol. Lifting his eyelids, he said with parted lips, “Come over here, Mnie.”

    Eugene’s voice sounded different from usual. Freezing, Mnie asked, “Do you want me to call Vi over?”

    However, Eugene only responded to her with a stare, and he said nothing.

    After a while, he unbuttoned the cor of his shirt as he said, “What does Stephen see in you?”

    Mnie was at a loss for words. “You’re drunk.”

    “You haven’t answered me yet. What does Stephen see in you?” Eugene squinted his eyes as he observed Mnie like he was evaluating an item.

    Mnie took a deep breath. She did not want to talk much with him.

    She wanted to pull Eugene up from the sofa. “I’ll send you back.”

    However, her wrist was grabbed just as her fingers touched Eugene’s arm.

    He lowered his head and buried his face on Mnie’s shoulder as he called out her name in his deep voice, “Mnie.”

 ###Chapter 46

    His warm breath gushed onto Mnie’s neck when he spoke. She subconsciously tilted her head to dodge it.

    However, Eugene’s grip clenched her wrist, making her unable to break free from it.

    Suddenly, she felt a cold sensation on her neck. Startled, Mnie realized Eugene was kissing every inch of her slender neck and heading straight to her ear.

    Her body instantly felt like jelly.

    Eugene’s gaze turned passionate. He grabbed Mnie’s waist and pulled her to the sofa.

    They had been in a rtionship for eight years. Eugene recognized every inch of Mnie’s body.

    The window in the living room was not closed. The wind blew in with the drizzle, causing the curtain to flutter.

    Mnie snapped out of it when the cold wind blew on her exposed skin.

    Clenching her teeth, she tried to push Eugene away with all her might.

    They were on the sofa, and Eugene was pushed to the other end of the couch.

    His hair was messy, and the movement revealed most of his chest and abdomen muscles.

    Even Mnie’s nightgown was pulled down by him. It hung loose on her shoulder.

    Mnie tugged the strap of her nightgown. After easing her breathing, she said, “Look at me, Eugene! I’m not Vi!”

    Eugene looked displeased. Just as he was about to speak, he heard his phone’s ringtoneing from beside him.

    It was a call from Vi.

    He froze for a second before answering it.

    Vi’s voice sounded aggrieved from the other end of the call. “Eugene, didn’t you say you’d be apanying me tonight? Why haven’t you arrived yet?”

    Eugene rubbed his forehead. “Wait.”

    He hung up the call. Mnie was still on the sofa. He had ripped off her nightgown, which revealed her back.

    Mnie was thin, and her scap was prominent. She was fair, which made her look weak and vulnerable.

    Eugene stood up after speaking to Vi.

    Right after he took a step, he turned around and looked at Mnie as if something had struck him. He said emotionlessly, “Of course, you aren’t Vi.‘

    After Eugene left, Mnie sat on the sofa for a while before returning to her room.

    Her wrist hurt from being pulled by Eugene, and it was a little red.

    However, Eugene had not noticed this.

    All he had wanted was to force himself on her with the excuse of being drunk.

    The following day, Mnie went to meet a client before heading to work. When she entered the office, Yana told her in a mysterious tone, “It’s quite lively upstairs.”

    “What happened?”

    “I heard Mr. Scott’s mother is here, and she’s making things difficult for Vi. Well, I can understand why. Not many women from the slums can marry someone rich like Mr. Scott.”

    Mnie did not pay attention to the rest of the things she said.

    She was wondering why Ste had visited thepany. She did not like interfering in thepany’s affairs.

    However, before she could ponder further, she received a call from upstairs, asking for her

    presence.

    When Mnie was upstairs, she saw Ste in the lounge. Vi stood before her with tears shimmering in her eyes. She seemed to have cried.

    Eugene was nowhere to be seen.

    Mnie stood at the door and pondered for a while, but Ste had already spotted her.

    Ste had always been rude toward Mnie. She asked, “Where’s Eugene?”

    Mnie answered, “I don’t know.”

 ###Chapter 47

    “Aren’t you his secretary?”

    “I’m not working in the president’s office anymore,” Mnie sounded calm. She looked at the coffee in front of Ste and frowned as she approached it. “I’ll get you a cup of ck tea.”

    Ste did not like drinking coffee.

    She snorted as she said, “As expected from a poor girl who can’t even present herself well.”

    No one knew who she was referring to, Mnie or Vi. However, Mnie was used to it and expressionlessly served her a cup of ck tea.

    Vi’s eyes grew redder, and tears rolled in them. She bit her lower lip, making her look pitiful.

    Ste was apparently in a bad mood that day. She sipped the ck tea before cing the cup back on the coffee table. Then, she said sarcastically, “Eugene’s taste is as bad as it has always been.”

    Mnie did not stay there for long. After all, it was not her job to deal with Ste anymore.

    However, just as she headed downstairs, she heard someone gossiping. “Looks like marrying into a rich family isn’t easy. Look at how Vi is being reprimanded and despised by Mr. Scott’s mother!”

    Ste was indeed picky. Even Mnie had failed to win her heart after so many years.

    It made her wonder how much Eugene would dote on Vi.

    When Eugene returned, Ste had already left. When she returned to her office, the employee who had gone upstairs to send some documents was gossiping.

    She told them Vi startedining about her misery as soon as she saw Eugene.

    Mnie did not listen to their gossip or join in the conversation.

    Yana was curious and asked, “How did Mr. Scott react?”

    “What else could Mr. Scott do? He could only coax her.”

    Eugene had feelings for her, after all.

    Mnie did not expect Stephen to pick her up from work.

    He was already waiting at the door when she got off work. He waved at her.

    “Why are you looking for me?” Mnie walked over to him.

    Stephen said, “Do I need a reason to look for you?”

    He chuckled after saying that. Then, he took out a small box. “I forgot to give you this. This and the one I gave you thest time is a pair. Please take it. This figurine looked lonely when I saw it at home. So, I brought it here to give it to you.

    “It’s better for a couple to be together.”

    This time, the heart in the figurine’s hands was blue. The one Stephen gave her before this

    had a pink heart in her hands. They were indeed a pair.

    Mnie took it curiously. “Do you like making y art?”

    “My grandfather likes it. I learned the craft from him when I was a kid. There’s a y art exhibition tonight. We can go if you are interested,” said Stephen.

    Mnie had nothing on that night. Just as she was about to agree, she saw Eugene and Vi walking out of the building.

    Vi’s eyes were still red as she held Eugene’s arm. She looked like an aggrieved kitten.

    Mnie immediately looked away from them. She had thought that her colleagues were exaggerating when she heard them gossip that afternoon, yet she realized it was not the case at all.

    Stephen had to greet Eugene, and Eugene’s gaze looked calm when he nced over at them. Mnie did not feel much being seen by him.

    Only Vi’s grip on Eugene’s arm tightened a little. She urged Eugene, “Come on, Eugene. We will bete.”

    Eugene nodded and headed toward his car.

    Looking away, Mnie asked Stephen, “Didn’t you suggest going to the exhibition? We’ll bete if we don’t leave now.”

    Stephen was startled and opened the door for her. Smiling, he said, “I thought you wouldn’t be interested.”

    “Why wouldn’t I? The y art you made is pretty, and I like it,” said Mnie after a pause.

 ###Chapter 48

    Her voice wasn’t loud, but Eugene and Vi were not far away from them and heard it. Eugene immediately stopped walking.

    This went unnoticed by Mnie, who got into Stephen’s car. In her hand was the figurine Stephen gave her.

    “I thought you wouldn’t be interested as many think it’s boring,” said Stephen with a chuckle. He had a gentle and charming appearance, and his voice always sounded polite. It soon snapped Mnie out of her thoughts.

    She looked at the figurine in her hands. “Well, I might not know much about y art.”

    “I can tell you everything I know,” said Stephen.

    The exhibition was in a museum in the north of the city. When they arrived, it was nearing the end of the opening hours, so only a few people were inside.

    Mnie knew little about y art. She followed Stephen as she listened to his introduction to the stories behind the y art pieces.

    When they stopped before an elegant vase, Stephen looked at it with a nostalgic look. “This is my grandfather’s favorite masterpiece!”

    Mnie was stunned. She remembered Stephen had mentioned his grandfather was dead.

    She didn’t know what to say, so she silently admired the vase with Stephen for a while before saying, “It’s pretty.”

    Stephen smiled, but it was different from the faint smile before. This time, it looked more

    sincere.

    “I can show you more of his masterpieces if you like this.”

    After leaving the exhibition, it was almost dinner time. Stephen had just offered to treat Mnie to a meal, but he happened to receive a call from a friend.

    His friend said something on the other end of the call, and Stephen looked at Mnie with some embarrassment. “It’s my friend’s birthday today. They’re in the bar nearby. Do you want to go there with me?”

    Mnie did not know Stephen’s friend and wanted to reject it. “I can go back in a taxi.”

    “It’s okay. We can pop in for a while and leave. If I go alone, they might make me drink.” Stephen shrugged helplessly.

    Stephen and Eugene had different personalities, so their friends were mostly from different circles. That was why Mnie had not expected to meet Eugene at the bar again.

    When they arrived, Mnie stopped outside the private room and told Stephen she was going

    to the restroom.

    Just as she walked out of the restroom, she bumped into Eugene.

    Startled, Mnie did not know how to greet him. However, Eugene broke the silence and asked, “Did youe with Stephen?”

    “It’s his friend’s birthday,” said Mnie as she looked at him. She asked, “What about you? Did youe with Vi?”

    She was good at disguising herself, and her expression was as calm as if she was just casually talking with Eugene.

    Eugene stared at her for a while before retracting his gaze. He snorted in response and walked

    away.

    Mnie walked into the private room after Eugene entered. She was not surprised at all. After sitting beside Stephen, she whispered to him, “I can drive you back if you want to have a drink.” 

    The private room was noisy, and her whisper could not be heard. All everyone could see was Mnie leaning close to Stephen.

    Mnie had just finished whispering when she felt someone staring at her.

    Lifting her head, she happened to see Eugene sitting opposite her.

    He looked calm with a wine ss in hand, which seemed strange in a noisy and loud environment like this.

    It looked as if he were bored and disliked this ce.

    Eugene happened to look at her when she was looking at him.

    When their eyes met, Mnie looked away immediately. When she looked at him again, he had already looked away.

    It was as if his gaze earlier was just an illusion.

    Eugene seemed to be a close friend of the birthday guy, so he had to toast his friend. He

    couldn’t avoid drinking as it might be disrespectful.

    49 

 ###Chapter 49

    49 

    Stephen looked at Mnie helplessly and exined, “I need to drive her hometer.”

    Others kept quipping and asking him to drink, so Mnie said, “It’s okay. You can drink. I can call someone to send you home.”

    Stephen shook his head and insisted, “I promised to give you a lift.”

    Mnie knew she could not convince him. She was not familiar with everyone there, so no one pressed her to have a drink.

    It was boring to just drink. After a while, Simon suggested ying a game.

    Everyone gathered around the table. Mnie was talking to Stephen when she felt someone sitting next to her. When she turned, she saw Eugene and Vi.

    Mnie had just noticed Vi. Vi did not greet her and hid behind Eugene.

    Simon brought a stack of poker cards over and ced it on the table. “A card game of dares. Everyone knows the rules, right?”

    It was indeed a simple game. The one who got a Joker card could give out a punishment for all the others. Mnie drew a few rounds of cards and escaped a few rounds of ‘punishments‘.

    She nced at her card and drank the fruit juice in her ss, thinking she might only have to sit aside and do nothing again this time.

    “King of spades…” Simon got the Joker card this time. He was bold in the game and purposely dragged his voice. Mnie’s grip on her ss tightened. Her card was king of spades.

    “Choose either three of diamonds or eight of hearts and kiss that person!”

    That was the boldest punishment so far. Everyone was curious about who the three were.

    Mnie put down her ss and her card on the table. Her voice was cold. “King of spades.”

    No one expected it to be her. Everyone was excited. Before they could cheer, Mnie heard Stephen say, “Mel, you’re lucky.”

    He flipped his card and continued, “I’m three of diamonds.”

    Simon whistled before everyone could cheer. “Stephen, I didn’t give you that card on purpose. Start kissing. I’ll be watching.”

    Mnie said calmly, “Isn’t there eight of hearts too?”

    “Eight of hearts is me.” A cold male voice sounded. Mnie froze as she looked at Eugene.

    He had an eight of hearts card in between his fingers.

    Eugene threw the card on the table as he nced at everyone coldly before leaning back on the sofa.

    Everyone in the private room said nothing as they stared at Mnie.

    Vi’s face was pale as she tugged on Eugene’s sleeve and called out his name, “Eugene…”

    Eugene looked at her. “What’s wrong?”

    Vi looked at Mnie and lowered her eyelids as she shook her head. “I don’t want to spoil the game.”

    She sounded aggrieved, and her words hinted at Eugene not to y. Everyone knew what she

    meant.

    Just as Mnie was about to speak, Eugene cuddled Vi and flipped the card on the table as he saidzily, “Don’t choose me. My girlfriend will be jealous, and I’ll have to coax her.”

    Everyone started teasing him, and Simon said, “Eugene, you’re now a hen–pecked man. You weren’t like this before.”

    Eugene said, “I had no one I cared about before this.”

    Mnie was a little speechless. She took the wine ss and looked at Simon, saying, “I’ll drink three sses of wine as a punishment and skip this round of the game.”

    Simon could give way to Eugene, but it didn’t mean he would be nice to Mnie. He said in displeasure, “Mnie, you’re so boring. Can’t you y the game without Eugene?”

 ###Chapter 50

    Just as Simon finished his words, everyone looked at Mnie.

    His words had indeed put Mnie in an awkward situation. It sounded as if Mnie wanted to kiss Eugene badly.

    Simon did not care and continued asking, “Stephen is around. Why aren’t you kissing him?”

    Mnie squeezed the ss. Just as she was about to speak, Stephen spoke up for her, “Simon, stop making things difficult for Mel. She just got off work, and she can’t drink. I’ll drink on her behalf.”

    “That’s right. It’s just a game. Drinking is fun too.” Even Joshua, who had always been meek, spoke up for Mnie.

    He poured himself a ss of wine and toasted Stephen. “Stephen, I’ll drink with you.”

    Stephen and Joshua had already spoken up for Mnie, so Simon stopped forcing her to y. After Stephen drank, they started a new round of games.

    Mnie looked at Stephen’s flushed neck and felt terrible. “I’m sorry.”

    These people were bold, and the wine they ordered was strong. After Stephen drank three sses of wine, others seemed to take the chance to toast him.

    He closed his eyes and leaned on the backrest of the sofa. Then, he turned around and said to Mnie, “I might have to trouble you to send me home.”

    The party endedte. However, because Stephen was drunk, Mnie left with him before the party ended.

    Mnie supported him, afraid he might fall. When they walked past Eugene and Vi,

    Mnie saw Vi leaning against Eugene’s chest and speaking in a voice only the two could

    hear.

    After she helped Stephen get into the car, she realized she left her phone in the private room.

    Stephen rubbed his temples. He was still a gentleman even when he was drunk. He said, “I’ll rest for a while in the car. You can go and get your phone.”

    When Mnie returned to the private room, it was livelier than before.

    She opened the door and walked into the room. No one noticed her as someone was singing

    and the room was dark.

    Mnie’s vision was slightly poor in the dark. She held onto the wall and walked to her seat. Suddenly, she heard Simon asking Eugene, “Were you reluctant to kiss Mnie, or did you reject it because you cared about Vi’s feelings?”

    Vi must have left the private room, which was why Simon dared to ask such a thing.

    Mnie was looking for her phone in the dark when she heard Eugene’s answer. “I don’t care. I just didn’t want to kiss her. I’ve had enough of her.”

    Mnie froze. The next moment, she took her phone and walked out the same way she entered.

    However, she bumped into someone, and that person staggered a few steps back after eximing. Mnie could recognize that voice. It was Joshua.

    Joshua gasped as he asked, “Mnie, why are you here? Didn’t you leave already?”

    “I left my phone here. Can you please make way for me? I can’t see clearly,” said Mnie.

    Hearing her, he probed, “Do you have poor night vision?”

    “I have mild nyctalopia.”

    “I’ll help you out. It’s dark in here,” said Joshua as he helped Mnie walk out.

    After Mnie left the private room, she stood at the bar entrance for a while before going to the car.

    Stephen was startled to see her face and asked, “Are you feeling unwell? You look pale.”

    Mnie shook her head. “Maybe I’m having a little migraine from all the noise.”

    She sounded frustrated, but Stephen looked at her side profile and said nothing. He handed her a bottle of water out of concern. “Rest for a while.”

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!

 ###Chapter 51

  
    Mnie did not take the bottle of water. She said, “I’ll drive you home first.”

    “It’s okay. Drive to your ce, and I’ll

    puse

    omeone to drive me home,” said Stephen after a

    “You don’t have to go through all that trouble.” Mnie rejected his suggestion after thinking

    about it.

    Stephen was rarely so stubborn. “It’s already sote. It’s unsafe for a woman to drive alone.

    After Mnie drove back to her ce, Stephen called someone to drive him home. He handed the y figurine she left in the car to her. “Throw a coin on it whenever you’re unhappy.”

    Mnie did not understand what he meant.

    He exined, “My grandfather taught me this. It works. It’s just like a wish fountain.”

    Mnie took the figurine and headed upstairs. She ced the two figurines on her study table. She pondered for a while before throwing a coin onto them.

    It was Wednesday morning, Mnie applied for a day off from work as her grandfather had to go for a check–up that day.

    When she went to pick up her grandfather from the nursing home, the dean happened to be there. Beating about the bush, he reminded Mnie to pay for the next term.

    The nursing home was pretty good in all aspects, and the fees were costly. Recalling her schedule, Mnie decided to pay the fees on Friday.

    Her grandfather looked at her and shook his head. “I told you not to put me in such an expensive nursing home, yet you refused to listen. Look at how much you’ve spent all these years.”

    Mnie helped him get into the car. “It’s nothing. LeapCo pays me well.”

    Her grandfather hesitated for a while before asking, “Has your mom asked you for money recently?”

    After Mnie’s parents divorced, her mother married another man. However, her grandfather did not agree to it, so her mother cut off ties with her grandfather.

    Two years ago, her mother appeared out of nowhere and said that her younger daughter was ill, so she needed a huge amount of money.

    Mnie remained silent for a while before replying to her grandfather, “Don’t worry. I know what to do.”

    Mnie’s mother was, after all, his daughter. It was inappropriate for him to say anything. He tried to probe into the matter by negotiating, with Mnie, “Why don’t I change to a different nursing home or stay at home?”

    Mnie disagreed. Her grandfather was not in good health, and he was alone. She was busy with work and had little time to look after him.

    Sheforted her grandfather, saying, “You don’t have to worry so much. All you have to do

    is keep yourself healthy.”

    Only when Mnie arrived at the hospital did she find out that Vi’s father would be discharged today.

    Vi’s father seemed to have recuperated well and could walk with crutches.

    Mnie bumped into Vi and her father walking out of the elevator when she was walking into the hospital with her grandfather. She did not see Eugene.

    When Vi called her, Mnie was about to enter the elevator with her grandfather. She turned around.

    Vi stered a smile on her face and looked at Mnie as she took a deep breath. “Eugene is in the car park, putting the things in the trunk.”

    She wanted to show that she did note alone and Eugene had apanied her.

    Mnie calmly nodded. “Mhm.‘

    })

    Vi’s smile almost faded as she watched Mnie enter the elevator.

    She knew she looked like a fool saying that. However, it gave her a sense of crisis whenever she saw Mnie being so calm.

    After ensuring her grandfather’s medical reports were fine, Mnie returned to work. Yana excitedly shared something with her. “The photos from the team–building event are out. Do you want to take a look, Mnie?”

    t

    Mnie nced at the photos. There was nothing worthy of mention. They were all ordinary group photos.

    However, Yana had a pair of sharp eyes. She found a photo from the stack and asked with some hesitation, “Mnie, isn’t this you and Mr. Scott?”

 ###Chapter 52

    Mnie looked at the photo.

    In the photo was a woman and a man standing outside the hotel lobby. Eugene was holding her waist, and she was looking at him.

    Although the photo was taken from afar, their expressions could not be seen. Their posture was intimate and ambiguous.

    Facing the curious Yana, Mnie said, “I almost fell, and he grabbed me.”

    Yana was one of the many people who had seen this photo. Many others in thepany had seen it too. Vi’s expression had been gloomy the whole day because of this.

    Eugene did not react differently, and neither had he seen the photo.

    Vi felt better upon seeing this.

    That afternoon, someone from the finance department came looking for Mnie with a sry slip for her to sign.

    Mnie had caused them to lose their cooperation with Frank. ording to LeapCo’s rules, she had to pay a penalty that was equivalent to three months of her sry.

    Her monthly sry was rtively high, so three months of her sry was a big number.

    Yana just so happened to see the numbers and was shocked. “Mnie, the amount that was deducted is enough to pay for the deposit of a house in my hometown.”

    Mnie looked at the numbers and did not sign the sry slip. Frowning, she pursed her lips.

    Only after the finance employee urged her did she sign it.

    Yana knew what had happened and felt it was unfair to Mnie. “It’s not your fault that we lost this project. Why are you the only one who has to pay the price? It’s unfair.”

    Mnie said nothing. Her phone happened to ring, and a cute and weak voice came from the other end of the call. “Sis, when are you visiting me again?”

    Peachie was her half–sister. She was only eight years old and was suffering from leukemia. She needed a high amount of medical fees every month.

    Thest time Mnie saw her was when her mother brought Peachie to her. Her mother had wept and begged Mnie back then.

    However, other than when she required Mnie to transfer her money, Dn seldom called

    her.

    Dn Lancaster was Mnie’s mother.

    Yana needed to send a document upstairs after they returned to the office. Mnie pondered and said, “I’ll send it.”

    Vi bit her lip when she saw that Mnie was upstairs. “Mnie, why are you here?”

    “I have a document to hand to Mr. Scott.” Mnie showed Vi the document.

    Vi wanted to get up. “I’ll hand it to him.”

    “I need his remark.” Mnie sounded indifferent.

    Vi froze before sitting back down in her seat.

    Mnie pushed open the office door and saw the busy Eugene.

    Eugene lifted his head upon hearing the sound. Mnie handed the document to Eugene and said, “Please sign this document and leave a remark.”

    “Put it on the table. I’ll look through itter.” Eugene nodded.

    Then, he continued with his job. However, Mnie stood there, not intending to leave.

    Eugene stopped doing his work and asked her, “Is there anything else you want to say?”

    “About the penalty of my three months sry…” Mnie looked at Eugene’s table as she . spoke.

    Eugene froze before he ced his arms on the table, clenching his fingers into a fist. His voice was deep. “It’s thepany’s rules.”

    “I said I can make up for it.”

    “Did you manage to make up for it?” Eugene scoffed as he looked at Mnie meaningfully.” Mnie, you’re not an exception.”

 ###Chapter 53

    He spoke as he flipped through the document Mnie brought. Then, he threw it at a corner of the table. “So, you don’t deserve to be treated differently.”

    Mnie had been eating in thepany’s canteen with Yana and would go for the cheapest set meal. LeapCo had a proper canteen, and the welfare of their employees was reasonably good.

    Yana was curious. “Mnie, why have you been eating at the canteen recently?”

    Before Mnie could answer her, Yana responded to her own question, “Oh, I understand. Is it because of the penalty issue?”

    Mnie grunted in response to her question.

    Not only did Yana feel that it was unjust for Mnie, but even others working in the same department felt the same way.

    However, they dared not ask Mnie and only talked about it behind her back.

    Mnie happened to hear the gossip about her when she was about to walk out of the toilet cubicle. Stunned, she stopped in her action of opening the door.

    “If I were Mnie, I’d be so angry. She has to get three months of sry deducted when it’s not her fault at all. If I were her, I would’ve resigned. Mnie is capable and can get a job. anywhere easily.”

    “She can’t resign. Mnie seems to have signed abor contract with LeapCo,” said another

    woman.

    Only when the voices faded did Mnie walk out.

    She had indeed signed abor contract with LeapCo, and Cedric was the one who made her sign it.

    On Friday, Mnie went to the nursing home, paid the fee for the next term, and transferred Peachie’s medical expenses for the month to Dn.

    When she left the nursing home, her grandfather stuffed a bank card into her palm.

    Mnie’s forehead creased. “Why are you giving me this?”

    “I can’t let you bear all of Peachie’s medical expenses. I’m her grandfather, after all.” The old man sighed. “There isn’t much money in it. Maybe it’ll only be enough for a few months‘ worth of medical fees.”

    When Mnie returned home, she saw Eugene, who seemed to be going out.

    He froze when he saw Mnie. “Did you take the afternoon off?”

    “Yes. I had something to deal with.”

    Eugene looked at her before parting his lips and saying, “Tomorrow night at Jepton Hotel.”

    Ste’s birthday was tomorrow, and Mnie thought he would go with Vi.

    He had already walked away when she was about to ask Eugene if they had to leave together.

    The next day, Mnie waited for Eugene at home until 5:30 pm, but she did not see him. Thus, she drove to Jepton Hotel herself.

    She only realized Eugene had already arrived when she was at the venue.

    Beside him was Vi who was dressed gorgeously. She was weing the guests with Ste and Eugene.

    Ste looked at Mnie with a sneer. Mnie handed her the gift she brought. “Happy birthday, Mrs. Scott.”

    She knew Ste despised her and the gift she brought.`

    Although Cedric looked down on Mnie’s status, he did not care to make things difficult for a woman. He just said sternly, “Go in since you’re already here.”

    `Many of Eugene’s friends attended Ste’s birthday party.

    When Mnie entered the hall, she saw Simon and the others.

    Vi led Mnie to Simon’s table and said, “Simon, Mnie is here. Eugene is busy, so please help us take good care of Mnie.”

    It was the first time Mnie was a guest at a banquet of the Scott family. She lowered her eyelids, hiding her surging emotions.

    Just as she sat, Eugene approached her and knocked on the table in front of Mnie as he looked at her. He said indifferently, “Come over and help.”

 ###Chapter 54

    It was Vi’s first time attending such an event. She might not know how things worked.

    Mnie had guessed that something like this would happen. It was just that she did not know what Eugene wanted her to help with.

    She lifted her head and said calmly, “It isn’t appropriate for me to do so.”

    Eugene looked at her without showing any expression. He said, “Go and teach her.”

    Mnie naturally knew who he meant. Pursing her lips, she said nothing.

    Thest time she taught Vi, it ended up making her lose her job as the president’s secretary.

    She wanted to reject it, but Eugene said, “Take it as a job before she’s ready to take over the wheel. I’ll pay you a sry.”

    He had said it casually, yet Simon whistled and quipped with interest, “Eugene, you sure are generous.”

    Then, he looked at Mnie. “This is a good opportunity. Why aren’t you grabbing it, Mnie?”

    Mnie wasn’t sure if it was an opportunity or a trap. She looked outside and saw Vi standing there nervously. Others would think she was a waitress if they did not know her identity.

    t

    This was Vi’s first time attending the Scott family’s banquet. She knew nothing much about wealthy family’s banquets or probably could not even recognize the guests. She could only stand beside Ste and smile like a doll.

    Ste was annoyed to see her being so foolish. Vi felt aggrieved, yet she dared not show it on her face and could only stand there with a stiff smile.

    When Eugene returned, she looked at him and subconsciously wanted to hide behind him.

    Before she could move, she saw Mnie behind Eugene. Her smile froze, and she asked Eugene in a whisper, “Eugene, Mnie is our guest. Why did you bring her here?”

    Before Eugene could exin, Mnie stood behind Ste. She politely and naturally took the gifts the guests brought and greeted the guests.

    The difference was noticeable. Vi pouted her lips and tugged Eugene’s sleeve. She was about to shed tears. “Eugene, did you bring Mnie over because you think I’m too stupid to handle this?”

    Eugene wiped her tears andforted her, saying, “She’s used to doing this.”

    Mnie was not far from them and heard every word Eugene said.

    Her hand that was receiving the gift froze for a second before she pretended nothing had happened. She put the gift aside.

    Although Ste disliked Mnie, she felt things were easier with Mnie around. She left Mnie to attend to the guests and went inside to take a break.

    After Ste and Cedric left, Vi was less tense. She held Eugene’s hand and sniffled as she

    asked him, “Did I embarrass you today?”

    “No.” Eugene tucked Vi’s hair behind her ear. “You’re not a waitress. I don’t need you to do all this to make me more presentable.”

    Only then did Vi feel better. Meanwhile, Mnie said nothing.

    Vi was not a waitress and did not need to do all this.

    Mnie was offended.

    Stephen was a littlete. He came with his parents and was startled to see Mnie weing the guests.

    His parents were highly educated and polite.

    Mnie understood where Stephen got his gentlemanly side from when she saw them.

    After Stephen and his family took their seats, Mnie looked at the guest list. Only a few more guests had not arrived.

    Eugene and Vi had long taken their seats. The banquet began right after Mnie weed thest guest.

    Before she could take a break, her phone beeped. Eugene had sent her a message through WhatsApp, asking her to go to him.

    Mnie had experienced this countless times. She previously had to attend to the guests with Eugene.

    When she approached him, Ste and Cedric were already waiting there. Beside them was Vi.

    Ste was not in a good mood. She nced at Mnie and said, “It’s embarrassing enough to bring one, yet he brought two.”

 ###Chapter 55

    Eugene said, “Vi is allergic to alcohol and can’t drink.”

    “Why did you bring her here, then?”

    Mnie had the same thought in mind. Since Vi couldn’t drink, why did Eugene bring her?

    Soon, she understood why.

    Mnie had been by Eugene’s side for years, and many thought she was dating Eugene.

    Hence, some would tease them when she toasted the guests.

    Thus, Eugene’s girlfriend, Vi, had to stand beside him and smile to clear the

    misunderstanding.

    When they were at Simon’s table, Ste greeted them and walked away after exchanging pleasantries.

    Vi was less stressed without Ste around and chatted with the rest.

    Mnie was ignored. She did not want much to do with Vi and the others, so she looked for a quiet corner to rest.

    Stephen followed her and said gently, “Mel,e over and meet someone.‘

    }) 

    Many people in Jepton attended Ste’s birthday banquet, which was held by the Scott family. Stephen took her to meet a few bosses in charge of an art exhibition.

    Mnie had learned a lot about art to get Ste to like her before this. She knew a lot about it and could join the conversation.

    Moreover, she was sensitive and immediately won the favor of the bosses. They even made a proposition to her. “Miss Smith, you can work with us if you’re interested. We happen to be working on an exhibitiontely.”

    After leaving the table, Stephen observed her and said, “Mel, I think you should give it a try.”

    Mnie asked, “Give what a try? nning the art exhibition?”

    “I think your ideas are great,” said Stephen. He happened to see Eugene walking over and added after a pause, “I don’t think it’s a good choice for you to continue working in LeapCo.”

    Mnie and Eugene’s matter was not a secret anymore. Eugene had previously taken Mnie everywhere, so everyone assumed they were a couple.

    However, Eugene had Vi now, and Mnie’s presence was unnecessary.

    Stephen said, “Mel, it’s not wrong to keep an extra choice for yourself.”

    Those words shattered Mnie’s thoughts.

    She understood where he wasing from, but it was not as easy as it seemed.

    Mnie was pondering when Eugene approached. He nced at Stephen and Mnie before saying, “Mr. Zeller of Hendric Corporation is over there. Why are you hiding here?”

    He was saying this to Mnie. Mnie looked at Mr. Zeller. He was a difficult man to deal with and had a strange temper. He would never care about anyone’s ttery.

    <i>212 </i>

    She was about to walk to Mr. Zeller when Stephen grabbed her wrist and said calmly, “Mel, think about it.”

    Eugene’s expression turned cold upon seeing Stephen holding Mnie’s wrist.

    After greeting Mr. Zeller, Mnie was already tipsy, and her head felt heavy.

    She excused herself after telling Stephen where she was going and headed to the room upstairs to rest.

    When she walked out of the elevator, she heard a voice. “Eugene.”

    She froze as she looked over and saw Vi leaning against Eugene’s chest softly as though her entire body was made of jelly.

    Eugene held her arm with one hand as if afraid she might fall.

    “Eugene, sleep with me, please?” Vi seemed to be drunk.

    However, Eugene had just said Vi was allergic to alcohol.

    Mnie understood that was just an excuse not to let Vi drink.

    Just as she was absent–minded, she identally tripped but managed to bnce herself by holding onto the wall.

 ###Chapter 56

    Eugene immediately noticed her.

    Expressionless, he saw Mnie looking at them with her face flushed red.

    She was alone and looked more lonely and vulnerable than before.

    Eugene’s expression changed slightly as he watched Mnie walk into the suite next to him.

    When she walked past him, she paused, and Eugene could smell the alcohol on her.

    Mnie felt herself going into a deep slumber. In the middle of the night, she felt thirsty and got up to drink some water.

    However, she could not sleep again after getting up. Her phone happened to beep, and she saw a bank alert notification when she took her phone.

    Eugene had transferred her 10,000 dors.

    It was probably her sry that night.

    The news of Vi attending Ste’s birthday banquet spread in thepany, and there was new gossip going around.

    Yana asked Mnie secretly if it was true, and Mnie nodded.

    This proved Eugene was serious about dating Vi.

    Vi was an intern, and it would take her three months to get promoted.

    Eugene was supposed to issue her the internship letter, but she was in the secretary department before this and forgot to change her department. Thus, she had to look for Mnie.

    Vi graduated from Jepton University, a university with standards. Thus, it was strict about proof of internship.

    When Mnie received her application, she still had a few other documents to deal with and other internship letters to issue.

    After thinking about it, she said, “Come and get it tomorrow. I still have a few other tasks to deal with.”

    Vi agreed and left.

    Mnie then got herself busy. When she remembered about this matter the next day, Vi still had note to look for her.

    She thought Vi had asked someone else to issue it for her, so she did not ask about it. All she did was give out the other internship letters.

    Little did she think that Yana woulde to her again with gossip to share. “Vi is crying again. Even Mr. Scott can’t coax her.”

    Just as she finished her words, the phone in the office rang. Mnie was asked to go up to the president’s office.

    Mnie lifted her eyebrow. She saw Vi crying with her face down on the desk when she went upstairs.

    Vi was startled when she approached. Mnie stopped before her and asked, “Did I offend you somehow?”

    The weeping Vi stopped her sobs and lifted her head. “Mnie, why didn’t you just tell me if you didn’t want to issue my internship letter?”

    Mnie paused and looked at Vi as she said, “Vi, I told you toe to my office the next day, but you didn’te.”

    “I sent you an email and even messaged you.” Vi sobbed as she spoke. Her eyes, shimmering with tears, looked aggrieved.

    “My university received the other interns‘ internship letters yesterday, but they didn’t receive mine. Mnie, you could’ve just told me if you couldn’t issue it. I could’ve looked for someone else.”

    Mnie did not remember having Vi’s number. She went through her phone and found Vi’s messages in her work ount.

    Vi had only sent her two messages.

    [Mnie, can you please sign my internship letter?]

    [I’ve sent you an email.]

    Just then, the door to Eugene’s office opened, and he knocked on the door frame. His voice was cold as he ordered, “Mnie,e in.”

    Then, he looked at Vi. “You too.”

    It seemed that Eugene had asked for Mnie’s presence because of Vi’s internship letter. He asked Mnie, “Why didn’t you issue Vi’s internship letter?”

    Mnie pursed her lips and spoke only after a few seconds, “I told her to look for me. I was busy.”

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Ou

 ###Chapter 57

    “But you issued the internship letters for the other interns,” said Eugene. He looked indifferent as he continued, “Are you sure you weren’t treating Vi differently?”

    Mnie wanted to retort, but she said something else instead, “I treated Vi differently?”

    “Isn’t that so?” Eugene took a document on the table and threw it before Mnie. “Everyone élse’s name is on the outstanding list of interns except for Vi’s.”

    Mnie looked at the list. “I didn’t create this list.”

    “The secretarial department submitted this. Haven’t you looked through it?” Eugene’s attitude was obvious. He was speaking up for Vi as if Mnie had done something bad to Vi.

    `Mnie flipped through the list and exined patiently, “The names of the interns were

    listed ording to their results.”

    Mnie looked at Vi. “Do you know what I mean?”

    Vi’s face turned pale. She knew exactly what Mnie meant.

    The interns of the secretarial department would follow the managers to meet the clients. Only she stayed by Eugene’s side. She did not know anything and could not follow up on the cooperation with the big clients. Moreover, Eugene did not have to meet those small clients.

    Thus, she did not have any achievements.

    However…

    Vi bit her lip as she looked at Mnie.

    She would not believe that Mnie did not do this on purpose.

    It was just adding her name to the list. If Mnie wanted, she could do it.

    Mnie happened to turn around, and her eyes met Vi’s. After a pause, she said, “If you want to be on this list, I can add your name to it.”

    She sounded calm and did not seem like she cared. It made Vi look immature.

    Shaking her head, Vi said vulnerably, “Mnie, you don’t need to do that. I know I haven’t made any achievements.”

    “Alright then,” said Mnie.

    Unexpectedly…

    “Mnie, know your limits!” Eugene seemed displeased. Frowning, he opened the folder, took a random pen, and wrote Vi’s name on the list.

    He was determined to add Vi’s name to the list, Mnie looked at Eugene and took the document.

    Before the door closed, she heard Vi asking Eugene in a muffled voice, “Eugene, I don’t think this seems appropriate.”

    “What’s wrong about it?” Eugene threw the pen aside.

    Before Mnie got off work, she received a call from Stephen, saying he was having dinner with the bosses of the art exhibition. He wanted to ask her if she was interested in joining them.

    Mnie knew Stephen was trying to help her, so she agreed to go.

    LeapCo might not be a good choice for her.

    Mnie thought about it and calcted the money she had. It was barely enough for her to use for some time.

    Moreover, if she left LeapCo, she could get somepensation.

    All she needed to do was not work in this industry anymore.

    Mnie sat by her desk and was in a daze.

    Yana knocked on her desk. “Mnie, Mr. Scott wants you to attend a dinner meeting with our client.”

    Mnie snapped out of her thoughts. Eugene had not taken her out to meet clients for quite some time.

    She looked at the information in the folder Yana handed her and froze.

    Her face turned pale.

 ###Chapter 58

    Her limbs turned cold upon seeing the client’s name on the contract.

    It was Frank, the president of Sundale.

    Mnie was almost molested by Frank thest time. The scene was even recorded.

    Yana told Mnie that Vi had wanted to follow Eugene, but he rejected her.

    Mnie muttered expressionlessly, “Of course, he wouldn’t let her go.”

    Frank was a scumbag. Almost everyone in Jepton knew this.

    Eugene cared about Vi so much. Of course, he wouldn’t let her have any contact with a man like Frank.

    `Mnie tried to ignore the gossip among her colleagues. Her phone that she had ced aside beeped. She looked at it and saw Dn had sent her a photo of Peachie who was hooked on an IV drip.

    After a while, Mnie texted her back.

    [Is Peachie alright?]

    Dn replied quickly, saying Peachie’s illness might have worsened, and she might need more money for that month.

    Mnie looked at the message silently and transferred the 10,000 dors Eugene gave her to Dn.

    Eugene walked toward Mnie. “Follow me.

    Recalling Frank’s perverted gaze, Mnie frowned subconsciously. Eugene noticed she was not getting up and asked in a gloomy tone, “Are you reluctant to go?”

    Standing up, Mnie said expressionlessly, “No.”

    When they arrived, Frank was not there yet. Mnie took her handbag and said to Eugene, I’m going to the restroom for a while.”

    Eugene asked, “Are you nervous?”

    He was talking about the photo of Frank and her. Mnie looked at him as her eyshes fluttered. “Mr. Scott, this joke isn’t funny.”

    “Do I look like I’m joking to you?” Eugene’s expression was calm. He did not have the habit of smoking. His fingers were slender and wless.

    His left hand rested on his right wrist, making him lookzy and casual.

    Mnie had no idea what Eugene meant by this. She wanted to ask him, but before she could, Frank had arrived.

    After exchanging pleasantries with Eugene, he smiled and shook hands with Mnie. His bold and lewd gaze made Mnie ufortable.

    Mnie embraced herself when she shook his hand. However, Frank was not as bold as before, maybe because Eugene was around. They talked about business seriously.

    ((

    Only when they were done talking business did Frank divert his topic to Mnie. “Miss Smith, you’re young and pretty. Do you have a boyfriend?”

    Mnie lifted her head and looked at Eugene. Looking at Eugene’s indifferent expression, she answered, “No.”

    “Why don’t I introduce you to one?” Frank chuckled as he pointed at himself and asked, What do you think of me?”

    Mnie forced a smile. “Please stop joking, Mr. Yates.”

    However, Frank insisted on getting an answer from Mnie. He was drunk and a little unreasonable.

    Mnie could not reject him and could only drink with him.

    (( 

    After Frank’s secretary supported him and walked out of the private room, Mnie felt that her head was heavy. She tried to get up by holding onto the table. She wanted to leave, but her legs felt like jelly, and she fell.

    Fortunately, someone held her by the arm, preventing her from falling.

    Mnie squinted her eyes and saw Eugene’s expressionless face.

    Startled, she reached out to grab him.

    Frowning, Eugene took a step back. “Mnie.”

    Mnie’s mind was blurry, and she tugged at Eugene’s shirt. She half–squatted on the ground

    and lifted her head as she asked Eugene, “Don’t you like me anymore?”

    Her eyes were red, and she looked puzzled. Her grip on his shirt was tight.

    Eugene was stunned by her question. However, he nodded calmly. “Yes. I don’t like you anymore.”

    Hearing that, Mnie loosened her grip and let Eugene help her get up.

 ###Chapter 59

    However, she held onto Eugene again when he sent her home. She was reluctant to let go as she muttered, “Why?”

    Eugene did not hear her. He ced Mnie on the sofa and prepared to leave, yet Mnie grabbed his shirt again.

    Then, she leaned against his body with her soft body. She kept muttering his name, “Eugene

    When Mnie woke up the next day, she was sleeping on the sofa. She was not covered with a nket, and the window was wide open..

    Her head was aching, Looking at the time, she saw that it was already 9:00 am.

    It was already toote for her to go to work. Mnie called Yana and asked her to apply for a day off for her.

    She went to take a bath, but she still felt dizzy afterward. When she checked her temperature, she found out she was having a fever.

    Mnie wanted to take some fever pills, but there were none left at home. She had no choice but to go out and purchase them.

    Just as she stepped out of her house, she bumped into Eugene.

    Mnie had no memory of what happened after she was drunk, but she knew Eugene might have sent her home.

    Her face was pale as she looked at Eugene. She wanted to speak, but the pain in her throat stopped her.

    Eugene was in casual attire and did not seem to be going to thepany.

    When Eugene saw Mnie’s pale face, he quickly looked away and left.

    He seemed to be rushing somewhere.

    Mnie felt weak and fell before she could get to the elevator. She felt cold and ill.

    When she woke up, it was already noon.

    Mnie touched her forehead, which was still warm.

    She licked her dry lips and wanted to see the time on her phone.

    All she saw was the notification from thepany’s group chat.

    When she tapped into it, she saw a photo a colleague had sent.

    The people in the photo were Eugene and Vi. They seemed to be at Jepton University. Vi might have returned to the campus to attend some activity.

    Mnie stared at the photo for some time.

    She realized why Eugene seemed different from his usual self today.

    It turned out that he had gone to apany Vi for her campus activity.

    It reminded Mnie of the year she graduated. She had begged Eugene for a long time, asking him to apany her to her graduation ceremony. However, Eugene only told her he was busy.

    She wondered if he was busy or just reluctant to go with her.

    The ringtone of her phone snapped her out of her thoughts. She looked at the caller ID and saw Stephen’s name.

    She answered the call and heard Stephen’s gentle voice through it. “Mel, where are you?”

    Mnie recalled she had stood up on Stephen and held her head apologetically as she said, I’m sorry. Something came upst night.”

    Stephen noticed that something was wrong with Mnie’s voice. He asked, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”

    Then, Stephen visited her with some medicine and food. When he saw Mnie’s pale face, he draped the nket nearby on her.

    “How did you fall ill?” Stephen looked worried. “Why–didn’t you call me?”

    Mnie’s face was pale as she held the nket that was draped on her. Her tiny face made her look weaker than usual.

    Smiling, she asked Stephen, “Is the person in charge of the exhibition willing to meet me? I want to talk to them.”

    It took Mnie two days to recover, and she met the person in charge on the third day.

    The sry and benefits they offered were less than Mnie had expected, so she had yet to answer them.

    Stephenforted her, saying, “I have friends in the same field. I can introduce them to you.”

    ((

 ###Chapter 60

    hapter 60

    Stephen did as promised and introduced Mnie to some friends. They had a good conversation, yet the problem emerged when discussing the sry.

    That made Stephen feel bad. However, Mnie thought it was fine. After all, it was not that easy to get a suitable job.

    “Mnie, Mr. Scott asked if you’ve prepared the conference room?” asked Yana as she

    knocked on the desk.

    “Yes. Here’s the conference record. Eugene might take Vi.” Mnie handed the conference record to Yana.

    Yana was shocked. “Aren’t you going?”

    “I have other work to do,” said Mnie casually. The secretarial department was busy. Her workload was so much that she had no time to rest.

    After Yana left, Mnie proofread two documents and was about to get a ss of water from the pantry. However, she saw Yana rushing back.

    When Yana saw her, she urged, “Mnie, go to the conference room. Quick! One of the meeting records is missing. Mr. Scott is angry.”

    Mnie was not the one who prepared those, but Yana still dragged her to the conference

    room.

    It was quiet when she was in the conference room, and Eugene had a cold expression. The atmosphere in the room was tense.

    The clients had yet to arrive. Eugene happened to go to the conference room and found out that one document was missing.

    Mnie looked at the time. They had only five minutes before the conference started.

    “Mr. Scott.” Suddenly, Vi spoke in her cute voice. She had a record book in her hand. Dressed in an officedy’s attire, she looked more mature.

    Mnie had nothing to do with this conference. She wanted to return to her office, but Vi said, “Mnie was the one who arranged this meeting, and she should have the record.”

    Mnie froze. This meeting was indeed arranged when she was still Eugene’s secretary. However, she had handed everything over to Vi and Julie.

    Eugene still had a cold expression as he stared at Mnie. Mnie pursed her lips. “I handed everything to Vi.”

    She knew Eugene’s temper. Thus, she paused and added, “I have no ess to your documents now.”

    Eugene was still displeased. This conference was important. Otherwise, Mnie would not have arranged it long ago.

    He was angry, indeed. Vi shrunk her neck and stood aside silently.

    Those responsible for weing the clients were already heading to thepany, yet the

    atmosphere was still tense in the conference room.

    Mnie lowered her eyelids and took the meeting record from Vi. Then, she stood next to Eugene and said calmly, “I remember most of the contents in the meeting records.”

    She had worked in LeapCo for years, and her memory was her best talent.

    However, Vi would have to leave if she were to record the meeting.

    When Vi walked out of the conference room, she looked at Mnie again with a meaningful

    gaze.

    When the staff led the clients into the conference room, Mnie spotted a familiar figure among them.

    It was Joshua.

    He had also noticed Mnie and smiled at her shyly.

    Mnie had filled in the document that was missing. After the meeting ended, Eugene ordered expressionlessly, “Follow me to my office.”

    She followed him calmly. However, Eugene scoffed when they were in his office. “I heard you want to resign.”

    Mnie was apparently less enthusiastic with her work recently. There were many rumors about her wanting to resign.

    “No,” Mnie answered calmly as she ced the meeting record on the table. “All the records are here. I’ll excuse myself if there’s nothing else you want me to do.”

    “Mnie!” Eugene was annoyed with her attitude. She always had an expressionless look, which agitated him.

    He called out her name and asked, “Are you trying to put on an aloof act before me?”

    Looking away, Mnie said in a low voice, “You’re the one who asked me to stay away from you.”

    Eugene was frustrated as he stared at Mnie, wanting to see through her disguise.

 ###Chapter 61

    There was only pity and nothing else. The impatience in Eugene’s eyes spread, and he leaned back as he said in an indifferent tone, “Get out.”

    Mnie left without hesitation. When she passed by Vi’s workstation, she felt the guarded gaze cast upon her.

    Back downstairs, Yana looked at Mnie with admiration and said, “Mnie, you were so domineering just now.”

    Mnie paid no attention to thatment. “Did you deliver the documents I gave you this morning?”

    Just as she said this, a colleague outside the door called out to Mnie. “Mnie, someone is looking for you.”

    Mnie did not expect Joshua toe back and look for her again after leaving. Joshua’s familypany was also on the invitation list for the meeting, and Mnie had just seen him.

    However, they were not very familiar with each other. Joshua was nervous as he scratched his ear and greeted Mnie, “I heard you’ve been looking into art exhibitionstely? My uncle works in that field. If you’re interested, I can introduce you to him.”

    The reality was that Mnie had no deep impression of Joshua. She only remembered him as someone who often apanied Simon.

    She nodded politely and replied, “Thank you, but not for now.”

    Joshua seemed disappointed. “Are you very busy?”

    He genuinely admired Mnie, and the not–so–friendly things he said to her at the hotel that day had been seared into his brain. He had been wanting to make amends, but since Mnie was unwilling to ept his help, Joshua could only leave with regret.

    Mnie saw him off, and when she returned to the office, she noticed that Eugene hade

    down.

    Eugene was tall and exuded an air of superiority in his every move. He looked particrly arrogant when he was not smiling.

    Mnie paused for a moment before continuing forward. Eugene looked at her, mockery flickering in his eyes. “Mnie, you’ve quite the nerve, making appointments with men during working hours.”

    His words were impolite and quite harsh, causing Mnie’s fingers to involuntarily curl up. ” You know Joshua.”

    “The Hewitt family is small and insignificant. I can’t believe you’d be interested in someone like him now.” Eugene’s tone was lightly mocking.

    Mnie tightened her grip on the cup as she looked at Eugene. She forced herself to remain calm and finally asked, “Do you need something from me?”

    Eugene threw a document at her. “You’ll be handling the nning for Oceanus Industries.” Oceanus Industries was a rising star in the financial district of Aurelumn. Mnie nced at

    <i>212 </i>

    the document and was about to ask something when he added, “And take Vi with you.” Mnie was momentarily stunned, but then she realized what was happening. Eugene was holding a grudge against herment about Vicking, practical experience and not being considered an outstanding intern. That was why he wanted to assign her to a nominal role.

    Even if Mnie and Vi worked on the nning together or even if Vi just assisted on the sidelines, her name would have to appear on the project.

    Her hand that held the document trembled slightly. Biting her lip, Mnie looked up at Eugene. “What if I refuse?”

    Eugene’s icy gaze swept over her features as he sneered. Looking down at Mnie, he challenged her. “Do you have a choice?”

    He was right. Mnie had no choice. As long as she was still an employee of LeapCo, she had to follow Eugene’s arrangements.

    the document and was about to ask something when he added, “And take Vi with you.” Mnie was momentarily stunned, but then she realized what was happening. Eugene was holding a grudge against herment about Vicking practical experience and not being considered an outstandirig intern. That was why he wanted to assign her to a nominal role.

    Even if Mnie and Vi worked on the nning together or even if Vi just assisted on the sidelines, her name would have to appear on the project.

    Her hand that held the document trembled slightly. Biting her lip, Mnie looked up at Eugene. “What if I refuse?”

    Eugene’s icy gaze swept over her features as he sneered. Looking down at Mnie, he challenged her. “Do you have a choice?”

    He was right. Mnie had no choice. As long as she was still an employee of LeapCo, she had to follow Eugene’s arrangements.

 ###Chapter 62

    Vi had to work on the nning alongside Mnie. She could not just stand by and watch. The next day, she brought her things downstairs, stood in front of Mnie, and addressed her obediently.

    Mnie handed the project materials over to her directly and instructed, “Organize all the data before noon.”

    This time, Vi did not make a fuss. She knew that she could gain a lot by following Mnie, so she focused on the task diligently. However, due to her being young and her connection with Eugene, it did not take long for her to sh with the people in the office.

    The data on the Oceanus Industries project wasplicated, and Mnie found it somewhat challenging to handle it on her own. The ruckus in the office only added to her frustration. She

    <ul>

    <li>stood up and left the office, heading to the break room for some rest.</li>

    </ul>

    As soon as she arrived at the break room, her phone started ringing. It was Dn calling again. Since Dn rarely contacted her so frequently, Mnie hesitated for a moment before answering.

    Dn was sobbing uncontrobly. Mnie waited for her to calm down before asking, “What do you need? Just tell me.”

    After returning from the break room, Mnie’s expression was even colder than before. Dn had asked her for another 10,000 dors, saying that Peachie’s medical expenses were not enough and the hospital was urging her to leave.

    Mnie massaged her temples, feeling an intense headacheing on.

    “Mnie, when will the nning bepleted?” Vi asked softly after approaching her.

    Mnie was already irritated, and even though she tried to contain her anger, her tone came off harsh. “You can do it yourself.”

    Vi bit her lip and retreated. At lunchtime, she treated everyone in the office to coffee, excluding Mnie.

    “Mnie, I remember that you don’t like coffee, so I didn’t get one for you. You don’t mind, do you?” she asked Mnie innocently with wide eyes.

    Mnie remained silent and focused on the nning documents, her temples throbbing with pain. She simply did not have the energy to deal with Vi.

    It was after work hours, and Mnie needed to go out to get something. The moment she stepped out of the office, she encountered Eugene, who hade to pick Yi up.

    She tactfully moved to the side. Eugene did not see her and went straight to Vi, who was still working on editing a form. She looked at Eugene with a troubled expression. “I still have a lot of unfinished work. Why don’t you go ahead first? No need to wait for me.”

    Eugene casually pulled over a chair. “Continue with your work. I’ll wait for you.”

    A hint of blush appeared on Vi’s face, and she could not help casting a triumphant nce at Mnie. However, Mnie just kept her head down. She was as expressionless as a robot.

    By the time she was done with overtime, it was already dark outside. Mnie packed up and

    left, only to discover that it was raining when she reached downstairs.

    She had just gotten into the driver’s seat when someone tapped on her window. Eugene was standing outside with an umbre.

    Lowering the window, Mnie looked at Eugene, who also looked back at her indifferently.” My car broke down.”

    He was implying that she give him and Vi a ride.

    The rain made driving challenging, so Mnie drove slowly. Eugene and Vi sat in the back, asionally exchanging hushed words that Mnie could not pick up.

    Mnie drove expressionlessly with a slight crack in the window so that she could listen to the rain outside.

    Simon’s call came at the right time. Just as Mnie was making a turn, he called Eugene and asked him to join him at the bar. Eugene agreed and looked at Mnie, saying, “Go to GT.”

    They were approaching Vi’s home, and going to GT would mean taking a detour. Mnie had initially nned to drop Vi off first. However, Vi held Eugene’s hand and coquettishly said, “Eugene, take me with you, please?”

    Mnie nced at Eugene through the rearview mirror. His expression remained cool, but it was asionally softened by the passing streetlights. He casually nodded, agreeing to Vi’s request.

    Only then did Vi remember Mnie. She said apologetically, “Sorry for the trouble, Mnie.

    TT

 ###Chapter 63

    Mnie remained silent and dropped them off at GT. With Simon and others around, Eugene would have plenty of people willing to give him a ride.

    After reaching home, Mnie did not immediately shower and sleep. However, in the middle of the night, her sleep was disturbed by the sound of her phone.

    Eugene’s icy voice came through the phone without much emotion. “Come and pick me up.‘

    Hearing the rain outside, Mnie huddled further under her nket. “You can take a taxi.”

    Eugene hung up just as she said that. Unwilling to go out in the cold rain, Mnie stayed put. However, three minutester, her phone rang again with the same cold and indifferent voice saying, “Come and pick me up.”

    Mnie said nothing, and the call ended. Three minutester, the phone rang again. The calls continued, disrupting Mnie’s sleep. After one more call from Eugene, Mnie finally sighed and replied reluctantly, “Fine.”

    With that, Eugene’s persistence ceased. After silently changing into some dry clothes, Mnie made her way to GT. In the rainy depths of the night, she drove slowly, and by the time she reached GT, half an hour had passed.

    The bar was still crowded, and Mnie failed to locate Eugene. She asked the bartender, who informed her that Simon’s group had left earlier.

    The next day, Mnie looked quite worn out after having stayed upte the night before. In contrast, Vi appeared lively.

    The nning for Oceanus was challenging, and Mnie had some questions to rify with Eugene. When Vi was about to tag along with her, Mnie curtly said, “You’re not done with your form yet.” That kept her in her seat.

    Mnie went upstairs. Eugene was on a video call and signaled for her to wait. She stood there, surveying the surroundings. Theyout had not changed much, but it always felt different from Mnie’s memories. Perhaps it was due to the conspicuously ced decorations.

    After Eugene ended the call, he looked at Mnie and asked with a frown, “Didn’t rest wellst night?”

    Mnie hesitated for a moment and replied, “You asked me to pick you upst night, but you weren’t at the bar.”

    “Did I?” Eugene did not seem too concerned, his eyebrows just twitching slightly. “I probably got drunk and didn’t notice,” he said casually in the end.

    Those seemingly indifferent words registered in Mnie’s ears like a p to the face, making her feel absurdly ridiculous. She thought she had at least be something like a habit for Eugene, but she realized she was nothing more than a joke to him when he was drunk.

    A painful sensation seemed to fill Mnie’s bones, making her feel as though she had been submerged in seawater. As she descended the stairs, she bumped into someone from HR who was delivering the list of newly hired employees along with their sry details.

    Mnie checked the list and found no issues with it. Just when she was about to return it, she noticed Vi’s name at the end of the list.

    New employees who joined thepany as the president’s secretary would always receive a bonus as an incentive. Eugene was always generous in this regard.

    However, Mnie noticed that Vi was missing her bonus. Did Eugene forget? The HR employee noticed Mnie staring at the list with furrowed brows and thought there might be a problem with it. They asked, “Mnie, is everything okay?”

    Mnie snapped out of her thoughts and shook her head. “It’s nothing.”

    It had nothing to do with her if Eugene had forgotten about it or not.

    “Oh, let me go with you.” Pushing aside her thoughts, Mnie returned the list and followed the person to the HR department.

    Mnie went to update her contract after realizing that herst renewal had been three years ago. There were less than three months left until it expired.

 ###Chapter 64

    Mnie was lost in thought until her phone rang. Seeing that it was Ste calling, she frowned slightly. Ste rarely initiated contact with her.

    After hesitating for a moment, she answered the call, and Ste’smanding tone came through. “Come to Paramount Hospital and bring some supplements.”

    When Mnie arrived, she learned that Madam York, Stephen’s mother, had identally injured her arm and needed to be hospitalized for observation.

    When Ste saw Mnie, she raised her eyebrows. “Leave the things and you can leave.”

    Her tone was unpleasant. Mnie pressed her lips together, choosing not to speak. Ste was Eugene’s mother, and be it publicly or privately, Mnie could not say much.

    “Thank you.” On the hospital bed, Madam York nodded gently with warmth and courtesy.

    Mnie shook her head and left the ward under Ste’s urging.

    As soon as she stepped out of the ward, she collided with Stephen, who had been in a hurry. Stephen was surprised to run into Mnie here and supported her, asking, “Are you okay?”

    “I’m fine.” Mnie did not want to obstruct his path and moved aside so that he could enter.

    Madam York’s room was a private one with a partition inside. Before Mnie could leave, she overheard Ste’s somewhat sharp voice, saying, “If there’s anything you need, just ask Mnie to do it. She doesn’t have much to do anyway.”

    Mnie’s expression remained unchanged at the statement. She still had work to finish when Ste called her over. She anticipated another night of overtime when she returned.

    “Mel?” Stephen had also heard what Ste said. Heforted Mnie gently for a bit before going inside to check on Madam York. He had initially wanted to invite Mnie to dinner, but considering her work demands, she declined.

    Two hours had passed by the time she returned to thepany. When she entered the office, she saw Vi chatting with Yana. When Vi saw that Mnie had returned, she slowly went

    back to her seat.

    Mnie ced her bag down and asked, “Is everything sorted out?”

    “It’s all sent to your email.”

    Mnie nodded and sat down at herputer. The nning for Oceanus Industries was a challenging task. After reviewing the form that Vi had revised, she noticed a missing piece of data.

    Mnie had intended to locate the information herself, but considering how much she had on her te, she handed the documents back to Vi. She instructed her to make the correction.

    Vi was somewhat reluctant. “Isn’t the form already fixed?”

    “There’s one more piece of data missing. It should be in the database. Check it.”

    Mnie’s request was reasonable as it was part of Vi’s responsibilities. However, searching through the extensive database would take time.

    Due to always being by Eugene’s side and having his protection, Vi had the privilege of not having to learn certain things. it made her somewhat clumsy when it came to certain tasks.

    By the time Mnie finished organizing the data on her side, Vi had not managed to extract the data. Unable to just watch any longer, Mnie gave her a reminder with furrowed brows. Yet, Vi continued her work with an expression of indifference.

    After finally finishing work for the day, it was already half an hourter than the usual time she got off work. Mnie packed up and prepared to leave. However, Vi stopped her. Mnie, do you want to have dinner together tonight? As thanks for driving me homest night.”

    “I have something to do,” replied Mnie expressionlessly.

    The office door was pushed open just as she said that, and Eugene’s cedar scent wafted in. He nced at Mnie and looked at Vi. “Why sote today?”

    “Mnie came backte,” Vi said, attributing their overtime to Mnie.

    Eugene’s gazended on her, the corners of his eyebrows lifting as he waited for Mnie’s exnation.

    Mnie took a deep breath and exined slowly, “Aunt asked me to go to the hospital to deliver something.”

    “She asked and you went?” Eugene threw out this question casually after a pause. It was a simple inquiry without any other meaning.

    Over the next three days, Mnie managed to outline the n for Oceanus Industries. After having settled down during this time, Vi also made much faster progress.

 ###Chapter 65

    LeapCo was very generous with employee benefits, offering substantialmissions for signing a deal. Mnie thought that by letting her n the project, Eugene was indicating that she was in charge of it.

    She went looking for Eugene the moment she was done with the nning.

    “Can we arrange to meet with Oceanus Industries next Tuesday?” she asked.

    Eugene was looking through the proposal as he replied coldly, “I have ns on Tuesday,”

    Mnie frowned. “What ns?”

    “Vi is going back to school,” Eugene answered sinctly.

    Clearly, he hoped that Vi would be there every step of the way for the coboration with Oceanus Industries. Mnie paused for a moment but then pretended to be indifferent. “Her name is already in the proposal. It makes no difference if she’s there or not.”

    Eugene’s fingers stilled in the midst of flipping through the papers. Brows furrowed slightly, he looked at Mnie slowly. There was no emotion in his deep, dark eyes. “Your participation in this matter with Oceanus Industries ends here. You don’t need to be involved any further.”

    It took a while for Mnie to understand what he was saying, and when she did, her heart sank. She looked at Eugene with disbelief and asked, “What do you mean?”

    “It doesn’t matter if you go or not,” Eugene replied. He lowered his gaze and ced the documents back on the table.

    Mnie stared at him, her fingertips trembling. “Who else will go if not me?”

    Eugene paused before replying slowly, “I’ll make arrangements.”

    Hands clenched tightly into fists, Mnie retorted with a tremble in her voice, “Your arrangement is to just push me aside?”

    “It’s thepany’s arrangement,” Eugene responded indifferently.

    Mnieughed bitterly. In the end, she was disposable in Eugene’s eyes.

    Monday arrived, and Eugene took Vi to Oceanus Industries. Vi could hardly conceal the joy on her face when they returned.

    Mnie observed them coldly. Seemingly sensing her eyes on him, Eugene casually nced over, and their eyes locked. Mnie immediately averted her gaze. She handed the files in her hands to Yana while maintaining an indifferent appearance.

    Yana looked at Mnie and could not help butin, “Mnie, just wait and see. Vi might be clinging to Mr. Scott now, but once he gets tired of her, she’ll be in trouble.”

    Mnie remained silent. Clinginess was a skill of Vi’s, and Eugene was willing to pamper

    her.

    It was the end of the work day, and before Mnie left, Stephen called her up to have dinner together. She epted his invitation.

    “I happen to be near LeapCo. I’lle pick you up,” Stephen said.

    2/20

    Stephen arrived not long after. Mnie gathered her things and headed downstairs. There were more than ten steps in front of the LeapCo building. As she was lost in thought, Mnie paid no attention to where she was going and twisted her ankle.

    A sharp pain shot up from her ankle, and Mnie’s face instantly turned pale. Stephen frowned and stepped forward to support her by the elbow when he saw this. “Are you okay?” he asked.

    The moment he said that, a peal of light and livelyughter sounded behind them. Mnie’s back stiffened slightly. Without even looking back, she could already guess who it was.

    Vi was walking over with Eugene arm–in–arm. The next moment, Eugene’s gazended on Stephen, who was supporting Mnie by her arm.

    Mnie moved her foot, and the pain it elicited forced her to take a sharp breath. Her face paled even more. Still, she insisted to Stephen that she was fine.

    Stephen’s brows furrowed. “Let me carry you,” he offered.

    Hearing this, Eugene paused as his deep gazended on Mnie’s face.

 ###Chapter 66

    Mnie was aware that her situation was not good at the moment, and she did not dare to act tough. She nodded to Stephen. “Thank you.”

    Stephen lifted Mnie into his arms steadily. Although Mnie was tall, she was slender, and with Stephen being over 1.8 meters tall, she looked small and helpless in his arms.

    While cradled in Stephen’s arms, Mnie raised her eyes and happened to meet Eugene’s deep and cold gaze. She hesitated for a moment but then lowered her gaze again, averting from his line of sight.

    “Eugene?” Vi tugged at Eugene’s sleeve and reminded him softly, “Didn’t we agree to have dinner with Simon and the others?”

    Eugene looked away from Mnie and nced at her. He hummed in response to her, and they made their way toward his car.

    Vi looked over at Stephen and Mnie with pursed–lips, but she quickly rxed. She hooked her arm with Eugene’s, as if dering her im over him.

    Mnie followed Stephen to the hospital. Her previously sprained ankle was injured again, and the doctor sternly advised her not to wear high heels.

    Mnie felt apologetic. “Sorry, we were supposed to have dinner together.”

    “It’s fine. As long as you’re okay.” Stephen pulled her up. “Can you still walk?”

    Mnie had changed into a pair of t shoes, and she was barely able to walk.

    Since dinner was no longer viable, Stephen could only take her home.

    However, because of her injury, Mnie was unable to drive, which left Stephen helpless. “I’ll drive you to work tomorrow,” he insisted.

    Mnie hesitated as she did not want to trouble him. “No need. I can take a taxi.”

    “You’ll have to walk a few hundred meters before you can g down a taxi. Are you sure you can manage?” Stephen disagreed with her. “It’s settled, then. I’ll pick you up tomorrow morning.”

    Mnie’s attempts at refusing him ended up in vain. The next morning, Stephen arrived on time and drove her to thepany. “I’ll pick you up in the afternoon,” he said.

    Feeling uneasy, Mnie was about to decline him when she noticed Eugene’s Maybach stopping not far away.

    Eugene would pick up Vi every morning and they would go to thepany together. Rumors had spread at first, butter, everyone got used to it.

    Mnie lowered her eyes and entered thepany. Just after taking a few steps, she heard rhythmic footsteps behind her, followed by a familiar fragrance.

    “Aren’t you clever?” Eugene said with an indifferent tone as he stopped beside her.

    Mnie’s heart tightened, but she maintained herposure. “I twisted my foot and can’t drive.”

    Bigene sneered “What does that have to do with me?”

    Mnie’s fists tightened before she loosened them again. “Wasn’t that what you were referring to?”

    Fugene did not respond any further. He walked ahead of her, and when Mnie turned around, she saw Vi heading downstairs to the coffee shop. Her gaze, however, remained fixated on Mnie. She looked guarded. Vi was probably wondering what Eugene had just sold to her.

    Due to her foot injury, Mnie spent the entire day sitting at her desk. During the lunch break, she overheard some colleagues discussing leaving early due to a potential power outage from circuit maintenance scheduled in the afternoon.

    However, arge stack of documents suddenly plopped down on her desk in the afternoon. Mnie became so engrossed in her work that she forgot about the scheduled power outage.

    It was not until the office lights went out that she realized what had happened. Just then, her phone rang. Upon answering the call, she heard Stephen ask, “Mel, are you noting down? I heard they’re doing circuit maintenance.”

    Mnie had night blindness, but it was notpletely dark, so she could still see somewhat clearly. She slowly packed her things and replied, “I’ming down now.‘

    Stephen was one of the few people who were aware of her night blindness. He said, “It’s okay. Wait for me. I’lle up.”

    The weather today was not great, and it was gloomy all around. After a while, the lights in the officepletely dimmed.

 ###Chapter 67

    Mnie did not dare move about recklessly, so she just sat at her desk and waited. Soon, footsteps approached. Thinking it was Stephen, she called out to him, worried that he might not be able to find her.

    The footsteps paused before slowly approaching her. Mnie could only see a tall figure and was unable to discern their features. However, she figured that no one else other than Stephen woulde up here at this time.

    “Could you help me a bit? I can’t see very well,” Mine asked softly.

    Her request was followed by a cold sneer as the figure arrived in front of her. Eugene’s looming shadow was apanied by his mocking voice as he said, “Is this how you endear yourself to Stephen before hooking up with him?”

    Mnie had not expected it to be Eugene. She fell silent for a moment before asking back, Why haven’t you left?”

    Ignoring her question, Eugene asked, “Waiting for Stephen toe pick you up?”

    Without her sight, the rest of Mnie’s senses heightened. Eugene’s low voice sounded as if he were whispering in her ear.

    Mnie tried to remainposed. “I can’t see well.” She had, in fact, mentioned her night blindness to Eugene before, but Mnie had always been careful to avoid the issue.

    She never allowed it to be a problem in front of him. He had probably forgotten about it because of this.

    Eugene went quiet for a while, so Mnie asked, “Is there anything else?”

    As she was unable to see clearly, she clenched her hands on the table tightly. It was a sign of

    her nervousness.

    Eugene lowered his gaze and observed her for a moment. Just as he was about to speak, Mnie received a call from Stephen, and her phone screen illuminated the area. With the light, Mnie was finally able to catch a bit of Eugene’s expression.

    It was very cold.

    His dark eyes appeared exceptionally chilly in this dim lighting as he stared at her. “Stephen has really bad taste if he’s interested in you.”

    A surge of frustration built up in Mnie. She could not help but retort, “In that case, you were blind for eight years.”

    Eugene fell silent at that for a bit before rebuking, “You think too highly of yourself.”

    With that, he left. Mnie’s phone screen dimmed again, leaving the office inplete darkness.

    When Stephen finally arrived, he had a shlight with him. He approached Mnie and asked, “Were you waiting long? I went to buy a shlight.”

    Mnie did not look too good, but she did not say anything.

    On the day the bonuses from the project with Oceanus Industries were calcted, Vi treated everyone in the secretarial department to coffee. The atmosphere was lively, but Mnie remained silent.

    No one dared to approach her as everyone knew that Mnie had been the main person in charge of the nning for Oceanus Industries despite not receiving any of the credit. When Vi handed her the coffee, Mnie’s expression turned cold. She stood up and immediately left. She was extremely agitated. The bonus from the Oceanus Project was a considerable sum, and she had not expected Eugene to handle the situation the way he did.

    Thanks to this matter, Mnie felt somewhat difited. Everyone in the secretarial department was observant of her and thus became cautious with their actions.

    However, someone had somehow leaked this incident. By the time it reached Eugene’s ears, the news said that Mnie had brought her emotions into work.

    When Mnie went to look for Eugene, he left her hanging for a while before he said to her indifferently, “If you don’t want to work, just say so.”

    Mnie just asked nkly, “Do you have any work arrangements for me?”

    Eugene raised a brow, his cold gaze fixed on her. “Aren’t you feeling resentful? The Prime City branch is having some trouble. Go deal with it.”

    Mnie’s face darkened slightly. The Prime City branch was the poorest performing one

    among

    all of LeapCo’s branches, and top management had been considering shutting it down. Yet, Eugene had assigned her to deal with this troublesome situation.

 ###Chapter 68

    hapter 68

    It took Mnie some time to regain her voice. “Eugene, are you targeting me?” she asked in a hoarse voice.

    “You think too much. You’re more suitable for this job.” Eugene casually ced the items in his hands down, his dark eyes assessing Mnie. Creases formed on his forehead as he sneered and countered, “What? Am I interfering with your rtionship with Stephen?”

    Mnie looked at Eugene, her chest feeling tight and stifling. She had always thought Eugene treated her differently, but apparently, it was all the same.

    It felt like her throat was tied, and after a moment of silence, Mnie slowly said, “Okay, I’ll go to Prime City.”

    The mockery in Eugene’s eyes intensified. Raising a brow, he looked at Mnie’s painted lips and said with a hint of a sneer, “You can leave tomorrow morning.”

    Mnie, however, tried to interrupt him by calling out his name. She looked into his stern eyes and sensed an inexplicable feeling of fatigue. She had been by Eugene’s side for so long, but perhaps it had been too long, so he had be weary of her.

    “I won’t renew my contract when it expires.” She heard herself say this as if she were having an out–of–body experience.

    Eugene’s gaze flickered. He looked at Mnie with slightly narrowed eyes. “Are you threatening me by negotiating conditions?” He growled, his expression darkeningpletely.

    Mnie did not understand how he came to this conclusion. Was this not what he wanted?

    She lowered her gaze and went silent while Eugene’s chilling voice continued, “Fine, as long as you don’t regret it.”

    The news about Mnie being sent to the Prime City branch spread swiftly. Her colleagues would peek at her subtly. Yana was the only one who dared approach her to strike up a conversation. “Mnie, do you know how long Mr. Scott is sending you there?”

    “I don’t,” Mnie replied truthfully, keeping her intention to resign a secret still.

    That afternoon, Mnie packed her things and went to the nursing home. She decided she would visit her grandfather before leaving for Prime City.

    He never brought up Eugene again after learning about Mnie’s breakup, but when he heard that Mnie was going to Prime City, he could not help but ask, “Did Eugene ask you to go?”

    Mnie replied, “Yes, he told me to go solve some problems. I should be back soon.

    Her grandfather sighed but said nothing else apart from instructing her to take care of herself.

    Upon leaving the nursing home, Mnie bumped into Stephen in the parking lot of Paramount Hospital. He was just leaving after visiting Madam York.

    Surprised to see Mnie, Stephen smiled and asked, “What are you doing here?”

    “Visiting my grandfather.” Since Mnie considered Stephen as a friend, she did not hide the fact that she was going to Prime City from him.

    Stephen frowned upon hearing this and immediately suspected it to be Eugene’s doing.

    Mnie, however, did not think much of it. “In any case, it’s just work. Prime City might be a bit more rxing for me.”

    At least she would not have to see Eugene unting himself with Vi in front of her all day.

    However, Mnie was mistaken this time.

    Just as she arrived at the city the next morning and was in discussions with Walden, the manager of the Prime City branch, she received a call saying that representatives from LeapCo’s headquarters would be arriving. They were to pick them up in the afternoon.

    “Miss Smith, do you know who headquarters sent?” asked Walden.

    Mnie had no idea. It was not until she went to the airport with Walden that evening to pick them up that she saw Eugene and Vi walking out. Her expression darkened then.

    Eugene had personallye over. Feeling like this was a big shot, Walden went up to tter him.

    Mnie did not say much during the entire journey. She just sat in the front passenger seat with her head turned away. She and Walden were in the front, while Vi and Eugene were in the back.

 ###Chapter 69

    Walden attempted to get close to Vi and engaged in a lively conversation with her.

    “This is my first time in Prime City. Eugene said we’re here for my graduation trip. Are there any fun ces here?” Vi’s tone was innocent, almost romantic. She truly sounded like someone on vacation.

    Mnie nced back and saw Eugene resting with his eyes closed.

    Eugene liked the quiet and despised noise during his rest. However, Vi’s cheerful tone did not seem to bother him.

    Mnie hadmitted Eugene’s preferences to memory back then. Even on business trips, she would try to postpone all work to ensure Eugene could rest properly no matter how busy she was.

    She always prioritized him, but in the end, she still failed topare to someone like Vi.

    Mnie withdrew her gaze and kept away from Vi and Walden’s conversation. She leaned against the car window and closed her eyes to rest.

    They reached the hotel, and since there was not much to do in the evening, Mnie went straight to her room. As she walked away, she could still hear Walden arranging a room for Eugene.

    Mnie thought Eugene brought Vi along to make her seem more valuable, but the next morning when they departed for the branch office, Vi was nowhere to be seen.

    Eugene did not offer any exnations and simply got into the car.

    Walden had brought another secretary along with him this time. Since the front passenger seat was upied, Mnie had to sit in the back. Between her and Eugene was a vacant space. She stared silently at the scenery shing by outside.

    In the front, Walden was enthusiastically introducing the going–ons of the branch office. Eugene, who was at the back, asionally nced at his phone. He was seemingly engaged in responding to messages.

    did you

    take

    It was not until Walden was done talking that he calmly asked Mnie, “Mnie, did note of everything?”

    “Yes,” Mnie replied indifferently.

    Eugene sneered lightly and shifted his gaze to her. “Is that so? I thought you were daydreaming just now.”

    Mnie hesitated for a moment and then retorted, “You must’ve been mistaken.”

    Suddenly, a stray dog darted out in front of the car. The driver made a sharp turn, catching Mnie off guard and causing her to tilt toward Eugene. She crashed into him, hands bracing against his sturdy thighs. Eugene grunted at the impact.

    /

    As the car returned to its course, Walden repeatedly apologized. Mnie straightened herself up from Eugene’sp with a bit of effort.

    She took a deep breath and was about to move away from Eugene when she heard him

    whisper. Only the two of them were privy to the conversation. “Was it on purpose?”

    He nced subtly at Mnie’s hands that were on his thighs as he said this. Mnie calmly withdrew her hands and replied, “Sorry.”

    With a scoff, Eugene looked away.

    Mnie and Eugene followed Walden as they toured the branch office, Walden offered to treat them for lunch, but Eugene lifted his phone to his ear and said, “No need. Someone is still waiting for me at the hotel.”

    That someone was Vi, who hade to sightsee this time.

    Since Mnie was not going back with Eugene, she decided she would have lunch with Walden.

    However, Eugene’s cold and indifferent voice stopped her. “You’reing back with me.” Mnie thought of refusing, but then he added, “There’s something we need to arrange.” Walden wanted to send them back to the hotel, but Eugene declined. Instead, he gged down a taxi.

    On the way there, Mnie asked Eugene, “What is it that needs arranging?”

    Eugene casually stared at her. He then parted his lips as he asked, “Did you bring your driver’s license?”

    Confused, Mnie frowned. Eugene continued, “We need a driver. You’re capable, right?” When they reached the hotel, Vi was already waiting for them at the entrance. At first, she did not look pleased when she saw Eugene and Mnie returning together.

    However, upon hearing that Mnie would be their driver, she smiled and said, “Thank you for your hard work, Mnie.”

 ###Chapter 70

    Mnie remainedposed, not responding to Vi’s words. She looked at Eugene and asked, “When are we leaving?”

    Vi had tagged along with Eugene for a vacation. Eugene would not involve her in work matters but was willing to apany her during their leisure time.

    Eugene pampered Vi and was willing to spend time with her. As someone who was working for him, Mnie had no grounds to say anything about it. She would just focus on doing her job.

    Vi wanted to have lunch near a scenic area, and Eugene agreed with her. Mnie went ahead and started the car.

    As soon as Vi got into the car, she snuggled into Eugene’s arms andined softly about how he had gone out in the morning without her. Eugeneforted her calmly, saying, “It’s rare that you get a day off. You should get some more sleep.”

    Though his tone was not exactly gentle, there was a touch of consideration.

    Mnie tried concentrating on handling the vehicle, but without a partition in the car, she could still hear Vi’s coquettish words.

    They had arrived, but the restaurant was located quite far from the parking area due to it being in a scenic spot. Vi was afraid they might lose their reservation since they werete.

    She dragged Eugene along while saying to Mnie, “Mnie, Eugene and I will go ahead to secure our seats. Can you park the car and join uster?”

    Mnie was not oblivious. After she parked the car, she decided to have lunch at a different

    restaurant.

    She received nomunication from Vi and Eugene even after she was done with her meal. With some free time on her hands, she took out her phone and started browsing through it.

    With her work ount still active on WhatsApp, Mnie tapped into the Status section and happened upon a nine–grid photo that Vi had posted about her lunch with Eugene.

    Mnie noticed that the table reservation and the dishes were all for two people. It was then she realized that they hadpletely disregarded her.

    Mnie closed the app with a nk expression. Just when she was about to go out for a stroll, she received a call from Eugene asking her to join them. He mentioned a location on amercial street to her. When Mnie arrived there, she found Vi shopping in a jewelry

    store.

    Vi had her eye on a small pendant that was priced in the five figures. She furrowed her brows and asked Eugene, “Isn’t it too expensive?”

    Eugene replied, “If you like it, then I’ll get it for you.”

    Mnie nced at the pendant Vi was interested in. It was indeed of pretty ster quality. She then quickly averted her gaze and asked Eugene, “Why did you call me here?”

    “Mnie,” Vi spoke up before Eugene could. “Could you please apany me to buy clothes? Eugene doesn’t know how to appreciate clothes at all.”

    22

    This request seemed less about her shopping for clothes and more about her emphasizing her rtionship with Eugene in front of Mnie.

    Mnie gave a slight pause before replying, “I’m not good at choosing clothes either. You’d better ask Eugene; he’s more skilled at it.”

    This was, in fact, the truth. When Mnie first started dating Eugene, he had been the one who picked out her clothes. Even now, her style of dressing was still influenced by Eugene’s preferences.

    It was not that Mnie did not have her own preferences, but she had be ustomed to the current style and was toozy to change it.

    However, Vi just ignored Mnie’s refusal and dragged her along. Eugene followed behind them as he was responsible for paying the bills, which included the pendant Vi bought earlier. Mnie even noticed that he had paid for it without batting an eye.

    “Mnie?” Vi’s sweet voice rang in her ears. “Do you think this looks nice?”

    Following her gaze, Mnie saw her pointing at a set of matching hoodies, their blue and white colors bright and vibrant.

    “What do you think? It’s for Eugene and me,” Vi asked with a twinkle in her eyes. Mnie hesitated before replying, “Yo

 ###Chapter 71

    Mnie remainedposed, not responding to Vi’s words. She looked at Eugene and asked, “When are we leaving?”

    Vi had tagged along with Eugene for a vacation. Eugene would not involve her in work matters but was willing to apany her during their leisure time.

    Eugene pampered Vi and was willing to spend time with her. As someone who was working for him, Mnie had no grounds to say anything about it. She would just focus on doing her job.

    Vi wanted to have lunch near a scenic area, and Eugene agreed with her. Mnie went ahead and started the car.

    As soon as Vi got into the car, she snuggled into Eugene’s arms andined softly about how he had gone out in the morning without her. Eugeneforted her calmly, saying, “It’s rare that you get a day off. You should get some more sleep.”

    Though his tone was not exactly gentle, there was a touch of consideration.

    Mnie tried concentrating on handling the vehicle, but without a partition in the car, she could still hear Vi’s coquettish words.

    They had arrived, but the restaurant was located quite far from the parking area due to it being in a scenic spot. Vi was afraid they might lose their reservation since they werete.

    She dragged Eugene along while saying to Mnie, “Mnie, Eugene and I will go ahead to secure our seats. Can you park the car and join uster?”

    Mnie was not oblivious. After she parked the car, she decided to have lunch at a different

    restaurant.

    She received nomunication from Vi and Eugene even after she was done with her meal. With some free time on her hands, she took out her phone and started browsing through it.

    With her work ount still active on WhatsApp, Mnie tapped into the Status section and happened upon a nine–grid photo that Vi had posted about her lunch with Eugene.

    Mnie noticed that the table reservation and the dishes were all for two people. It was then she realized that they hadpletely disregarded her.

    Mnie closed the app with a nk expression. Just when she was about to go out for a stroll, she received a call from Eugene asking her to join them. He mentioned a location on amercial street to her. When Mnie arrived there, she found Vi shopping in a jewelry

    store.

    Vi had her eye on a small pendant that was priced in the five figures. She furrowed her brows and asked Eugene, “Isn’t it too expensive?”

    Eugene replied, “If you like it, then I’ll get it for you.”

    Mnie nced at the pendant Vi was interested in. It was indeed of pretty ster quality. She then quickly averted her gaze and asked Eugene, “Why did you call me here?”

    “Mnie,” Vi spoke up before Eugene could. “Could you please apany me to buy clothes? Eugene doesn’t know how to appreciate clothes at all.”

    22

    This request seemed less about her shopping for clothes and more about her emphasizing her rtionship with Eugene in front of Mnie.

    Mnie gave a slight pause before replying, “I’m not good at choosing clothes either. You’d better ask Eugene; he’s more skilled at it.”

    This was, in fact, the truth. When Mnie first started dating Eugene, he had been the one who picked out her clothes. Even now, her style of dressing was still influenced by Eugene’s preferences.

    It was not that Mnie did not have her own preferences, but she had be ustomed to the current style and was toozy to change it.

    However, Vi just ignored Mnie’s refusal and dragged her along. Eugene followed behind them as he was responsible for paying the bills, which included the pendant Vi bought earlier. Mnie even noticed that he had paid for it without batting an eye.

    “Mnie?” Vi’s sweet voice rang in her ears. “Do you think this looks nice?”

    Following her gaze, Mnie saw her pointing at a set of matching hoodies, their blue and white colors bright and vibrant.

    “What do you think? It’s for Eugene and me,” Vi asked with a twinkle in her eyes. Mnie hesitated before replying, “Yo

 ###Chapter 72

    In the end, Mnie did experience a slight allergic reaction and developed small rashes on her chin. This happened to coincide with Eugene taking leave. Apart from some essential work, she stayed indoors.

    By the time her chin rash cleared up, Vi was about to return to Jepton since she did not have that many leaves to take. Mnie was surprised that Eugene did not apany her back when she initially thought he would have.

    Vi seemed uneasy leaving Mnie and Eugene alone. Before leaving, she spent a long time talking to Eugene before finally saying to Mnie, “Mnie, I’ll have to trouble you to take care of Eugene. You know what his temper is like. Please watch over him for me.”

    Though her words were polite, there was a hint of the caution she felt toward Mnie.

    After seeing Vi off, Mnie apanied Eugene to meet with a client they had

    arrangements with. Eugene drove this time, and Mnie remained silent while reading some documents. The car was quiet.

    The sudden ringing of her phone broke the silence, and Mnie frowned as she answered the iing call. Lately, Dn had been contacting her more frequently. This time, she was sobbing. “Mel, your sister is unwell again.”

    Mnie’s grip on the phone tightened. “Didn’t I transfer 10,000 to you before?”

    Dn hesitated before choosing her words carefully. “Mel, could you please transfer another 20,000? Peachie is calling for you every day.”

    Mnie instinctively felt that something was off. “I’ve already transferred money to you several times this month.”

    Dn continued to sob but refused to exin what happened. She eventually ended the call after making a shortmotion over the phone. Mnie did not say much about Dn’s situation, and her brows remained furrowed.

    Eugene heard the call. With a brow raised slightly, he asked, “Got a problem?”

    Not wanting to divulge too much about Dn to others, Mnie merely pressed her lips together and remained silent.

    Eugene did not press her further. He was indifferent as he remarked again, “Don’t let it affect your work.”

    The client they were meeting was Peyton Turner, a capable middle–aged woman who had reportedly started her career in Prime City despite being from Jepton. Peyton greeted Eugene with aposed smile. “Eugene, your mother, Ste, and I were ssmates.”

    Eugene nodded. “She often mentions you.”

    “This is my daughter, Evelyn. Has your mother mentioned her to you?” Peyton pulled the woman standing behind her forward.

    After being pulled out, Evelyn swept her gaze over Eugene before extending her hand. “Hello, I’m Evelyn.”

    Eugene’s expression remained unchanged as he politely and somewhat distantly shook her

    hand.

    Standing behind him this entire time, Mnie was ignored until Eugene and Peyton began discussing business. It was only then that she handed over the documents she had been holding onto.

    Peyton’s gaze fell on Mnie, and she casually asked Eugene, “Is this your secretary?”

    Eugene replied, “She’ll be in charge of some matters at the Prime City branch in the future.”

    After discussing business, Peyton generously extended a dinner invitation to Eugene as a gesture of hospitality. Eugene epted, but then Peyton added, “Your mother and I are friends, so consider this meal a private gathering.”

    She looked at Mnie and said, “Miss Secretary, you can go back to the hotel and rest for now.

    “1

    It was a polite way of saying that Mnie was not included in the invitation. Mnie nced at Eugene, and he nodded. “You can go back.”

    The Prime City branch’s major client was Peyton. As long as everything went smoothly on her end, the branch would remain stable. Mnie returned to the hotel, but thoughts of Dn’s phone call lingered, leaving her with a sense of unease.

    She decided to call her grandfather, intending to warn him should Dn call. However, as soon as she mentioned it, her grandfather fell silent and sighed. “She called me this

    afternoon, crying and saying that Peachie’s condition was serious and that she needed money.

    Mnie’s heart sank. “Did you give her any money?”

    “I gave her 20,000.”

 ###Chapter 73

    73 

    Mnie’s expression was unpleasant as she hung up the phone. She could not shake the feeling that Dn’s situation was moreplicated than it seemed. However, she could not leave Prime City.

    In the evening, just after finishing dinner, Mnie received a call from Eugene. He asked her toe and pick him up. When she arrived, she pushed open the door to the private room and found only Eugene and Evelyn inside.

    Evelyn was sitting across from Eugene. When she saw Mnie entering, she stood up to assist Eugene. Eugene rubbed his forehead and extended his hand toward Mnie, saying, “Come over.”

    Seeing Mnie moving to help Eugene, Evelyn also tried to approach him. However, Mnie, noticing Eugene’s gesture, calmly said, “Miss Shue, it’s quitete now. It would be better for you to go back. I’ll take care of things with Eugene here.”

    Evelyn did not look pleased having been obstructed. Mnie just helped Eugene, who smelled of alcohol, into the car. He opened the window to let some fresh air in.

    “You made me the bad guy by not rejecting Miss Shue yourself,” Mnie said while handing him a bottle of water from her bag. This was a habit they had developed over the years.

    Whenever Eugene needed her to pick him up after a social event, she would carry a bottle of water with her. She had also be adept at understanding his subtle hints in rejecting people.

    Eugene epted the water and used his other hand to unbutton the top button of his cor. His eyes looked much deeper in color after he had drunk some. The night wind tousled his hair, giving him a slightly weary andzy look, though the fatigue around his eyes and brows was still evident.

    “Go back to the hotel,” he said.

    Mnie drove back and then helped Eugene up to his room. After reaching his room, Mnie initially thought of helping him change out of his clothes but then hesitated. She withdrew her hands.

    The man caught her wrist, however. Eugene opened his eyes and looked at her. “Why aren’t you undressing me?”

    Mnie pulled her hand back but failed the attempt. “It’s not appropriate.”

    Eugene snorted coldly, “There’s not a single part of my body that you’re a stranger to with your touch. What’s with the act now?”

    Mnie did not know how to respond to that and just looked at him silently.

    His expression gradually turned impatient, and after a moment, he shook off Mnie’s hand. ” Leave.”

    Mnie stood there for a while before turning around and walking out.

    Peyton seemed to have different intentions regarding Eugene. Several times after their business matters were concluded, she dismissed Mnie and kept Eugene alone. Eugene could

    not refuse outright, so he would call Mnie to pick him up after he got drunk.

    Mnie arrived a bit early this time, and Peyton had not left yet. She nced at Mnie and said to Eugene casually, “Your secretary cares a lot about you.”

    Eugene replied, “It’s her job.”

    “Some secretaries have quite diverse job descriptions,” Peyton’s gaze swept over Mnie as she said that, her words carrying a deeper meaning.

    Mnie could sense the disdain and mockery in Peyton’s tone. She lowered her eyes and stood aside.

    Eugene, however, maintained hisposure and retorted, “My secretary’s personal life is not my concern.”

    Peyton finally shifted her gaze away from Mnie. She looked at her daughter, Evelyn, and said to Eugene meaningfully, “Ste called mest night. She hopes that you’ll bring Evie back with you when you return to Jepton.‘

    Although Evelyn whined to her mother yfully after hearing that, her gaze was fixed shyly on Eugene. It would be pretty good if he was willing to take her back to Jepton. Evelyn’s eyes sparkled with anticipation as she looked at him.

 ###Chapter 74

    74 

    “Sure,” Eugene replied after a moment of contemtion, agreeing to take Evelyn with him. Peyton smiled and raised her ss. “Your mother and I used to joke about being inws,” she mentioned casually.

    Mnie observed them as they toasted one another. She noticed that Peyton was subtly emphasizing her rtionship with Ste while avoiding any talk about business.

    She was not sure when Eugene would leave, but if he went back without finalizing the deal, it mightplicate matters further with Peyton in the future.

    Lost in her own thoughts, Mnie did not notice that the matter had been settled on Eugene’s side. A cedar–infused coat was thrown at her, and Eugene’s cold and deep voice brought her . attention back. “Go and see off Ms. Turner.”

    Grabbing his coat, Mnie was about to follow Peyton out when thetter stopped her, saying, “No need to trouble yourself.”

    Peyton then looked at Eugene and added, “Please take care of Evie the next few days. She just graduated, and there are many things she doesn’t understand yet.”

    Eugene nodded reservedly. “Sure.”

    Mnie’s heart stirred. Peyton was putting Evelyn directly into Eugene’s hands, and her purpose for doing that was clear as day. It remained to be seen how Eugene would handle it, especially considering Vi who was currently in Jepton.

    “Bring the car over,” Eugene ordered, giving Mnie a cold nce.

    Mnie lowered her head and went to bring the car over. Just as she turned around, she heard Evelyn say, “Eugene, can I go back to the hotel with you tonight?”

    Mnie hesitated for a moment as she clutched Eugene’s clothes. However, she hurriedly

    went to where the car was parked. She did not catch Eugene’s response.

    Evelyn went up closer to Eugene and reached out to tug at his sleeve. “Would it be inconvenient?” she asked.

    Only then did Eugene shift his gaze, He lowered his eyes and casually responded, “It’s fine. Whatever you wish.”

    When Mnie brought the car over, Eugene and Evelyn were already waiting outside the hotel. She parked the car, and Eugene opened the back door, saying to Evelyn, “Get in.”

    His considerate and attentive demeanor made Evelyn’s smile even brighter. However, in the next moment, Eugene closed the door and got in the front passenger seat.

    Mnie was momentarily stunned and turned to look at him.

    Evelyn was also surprised and asked him, “Why are you sitting in the front passenger seat?”

    “I smell too much of alcohol,” Eugene said tly.

    “I don’t mind it,” Evelyn said eagerly. She looked at Eugene admiringly, wanting to be close to him in every possible way. She could not understand why he would mind the smell of alcohol,

    However, Eugene insisted, saying, “It’s not good for a girl to have the smell of alcohol on her. It’s not safe.”

    Evelyn remained silent, recognizing Eugene’s concern for her.

    Beside him, Mnie also remained quiet, only speaking up when the two of them stopped talking. She nced at Eugene and reminded him softly, “Your seatbelt.”

    The hotel entrance was grand and well–lit, and the bright lights illuminated the inside of the car. Eugene’s handsome and refined features appeared softened in the gentle glow. Lowering his eyshes, he responded. His jawline was clearly defined.

    Mnie’s grip on the steering wheel tightened involuntarily. Eugene’s appearance was almost faultless, and she had traced his features countless times, usually when he was asleep.

    In a daze, Eugene suddenly looked up, meeting Mnie’s gaze. Mnie felt as if she had been struck by lightning. Her heartbeat sped up all of a sudden, and she quickly averted her eyes.

    Her initial attraction to Eugene was, in truth,rgely due to his appearance.

    A light chuckle sounded beside her. Mnie was not sure if Eugene did it on purpose but did not turn to look at him either.

    Just as they arrived at the hotel, Evelyn’s phone rang, and she quickly got out of the car to answer the call.

 ###Chapter 75

    75 

    Eugene remained seated, eyes closed as he rested.

    Thinking he might have dozed off, Mnie called out to him, “Eugene, we’ve arrived.”

    Even after saying it twice, Eugene showed no reaction. Mnie furrowed her brows, reaching out to give his arm a push.

    This time, Eugene responded quickly by grabbing Mnie’s hand with considerable force. She attempted to pull her hand back but could not. She had to speak up, “We’re at the hotel, Eugene.”

    Having consumed a fair amount of alcohol that night, Eugene had grown drowsy along the way back. He held onto Mnie’s hand tightly, his voice hoarse as he said, “A bit longer.”

    Pausing, Mnie was about to say something when Evelyn knocked on the car window from outside.

    Evelyn had finished her call and was waiting for Eugene.

    Eugene opened his eyes, his brows creasing with slight impatience before quickly rxing.

    Mnie parked the car before returning to the hotel. There, Eugene was apanying Evelyn at the front desk to check–in.

    After bidding them goodnight, Mnie excused herself and headed back to her room.

    Uponpleting the check–in at the front desk, Evelyn looked up at Eugene andmented, “Your secretary seems to look at you with some hidden intentions.”

    “Is that so?” Eugene responded casually.

    Evelyn added, “Look at the way she looks at you. It’s not exactly pure. Did you sleep with her?”

    Eugene’s eyebrows twitched slightly as he replied indifferently, “I dislike people prying into my affairs.”

    “Sorry, it’s a habit.” Evelyn did not feel embarrassed by it. She had, after all, majored in psychology in college. However, she could tell from Eugene’s reaction that he had a history with the woman.

    She did not mind, though, since men were all the same. At least Eugene was wealthy and good- looking.

    The next morning, Mnie was informed that there would be a meeting at the branch office.

    Evelyn tagged along. “My mom asked me to learn from Eugene, so I’ll act as his secretary temporarily today. You won’t mind, right, Miss Smith?” she said.

    Mnie said nothing, of course, and Evelyn nodded in satisfaction. “Then please wait for us downstairs after the meeting.”

    Eugene returned a call and instructed Mnie, “Give all the documents to Evelyn. She’ll apany me to the meetingter.‘

    #1

    With a cheerful smile, Evelyn pushed Eugene toward the exit. “She just gave them to me. Let’s go. We don’t want to bete.”

    Mnie escorted them to the branch office. Eugene did not even nce at her before he led Evelyn upstairs.

    Mnie watched their retreating figures, her lips curling into a cynical smile. After spending all those years by Eugene’s side, she was now nothing more than a chauffeur.

    Unexpectedly, Eugene and Evelyn were quick to return. Eugene’s expression remained unreadable, but Evelyn was indignant. “Thispany’s management needs a cleanup. They called for a meeting but didn’t even have the materials prepared.”

    Her tone and attitude would make one who was unaware think that thepany belonged to her. Eugene, however, was nk as he said to her calmly, “Would you like to go back to the hotel or somewhere else?”

    They could not proceed with work, and Evelyn herself did not care much about it. Her anger just now was more of a show she had put for Eugene.

    “A bag I ordered earlier arrived. Will you apany me to pick it up?” she asked simply as she tossed the documents to the side.

    Eugene nodded nonchntly. “Sure.”

    Evenlyn raised a brow before adding with a smile, “Can you drive, though? I’d like to spend some time alone with you.”

 ###Chapter 76

    The car fell silent, and Mnie waited for Eugene’s response. If Eugene agreed to drive, it meant that she would have to go back to the hotel on her own. Seeing Eugene hesitating, Evelyn smiled and conceded, “If you don’t want to drive, I can do it too.”

    At this point, it was impossible for Eugene to refuse her any longer. He looked at Mnie, who was an image ofposure. “I can go back on my own,” Mnie said.

    “Okay,” Eugene replied quietly. Mnie grabbed her bag and got out of the car.

    The sun was intense in Prime City, and a sunny day like this was not veryfortable to experience. Hailing a taxi would require her to walk a considerable distance to reach the outside of the industrial park.

    . Mnie thought of booking a ride with her phone at first, but no one epted her booking even after a long time had passed. In the end, she had no choice but to brave the sun and walk

    out.

    Halfway through, Stephen called her. He was still hung up about introducing his friend to Mnie.

    “I’m still in Prime City, so it might not be very convenient,” Mnie said.

    “It’s okay. Xander happens to be in Prime City too. He just returned to the country.” Stephen then gave her a bunch of details about him before finally saying, “If you have time, meet him. Xander is a professional in this field, and he has his own team.”

    Stephen cared about her, and Mnie could not refuse his goodwill. She asked for Xander’s contact information and said she would arrange to meet him when she had the time.

    Stephen chuckled contentedly and then reminded Mnie, “Xander is my childhood friend, but he has a rather peculiar temper.”

    Mnie added Xander on WhatsApp after returning to the hotel. He did not respond for a long time, so she did not pay any more attention to it. Stephen’s call reminded her that Prime City was a city with rich ethnic characteristics. They hosted numerous exhibitions and art events.

    After spending some time in the hotel, Mnie decided to go out again and explore the nearby ancient street. She came across several interesting handmade crafts and took photos of them to send to Stephen. Impressed, Stephen praised them, and Mnie ended up buying some.

    By the time she returned to the hotel after she was done with her exploration, Eugene and Evelyn still had not returned yet. After she had dinner, she noticed that Xander had epted her friend request.

    Mnie initiated a conversation with Xander, but he disappeared without a trace. Mnie put down her phone. She decided to go take a shower when she heard a knock on the door.

    Surprised, she opened the door and saw Evelyn standing there. Evelyn had not expected Mnie to open the door, so quickly and hesitated before saying, “Eugene seems to be having some tummy troubles. Could you go buy some medicine?”

    Indeed, Eugene was having stomach issues. It was a result of his frequent drinking during his earlier socializing days.

    Mnie went downstairs to buy the stomach medicine Eugene was used to. Her room was on the eighth floor, while Eugene’s was on the tenth floor. When she went upstairs, she noticed that Eugene’s door was slightly ajar. Assuming Evelyn was inside, she did not enter but knocked on the door.

    She heard footsteps inside. Without seeing who it was, Mnie handed the bag containing the medicine over. “Here, some medicine.”

    No one took it. Instead, she heard a mocking voice say, “You really went out of your way.”

    Mnie raised her eyes and saw Eugene dressed casually in a bathrobe, looking down at her. He had probably just taken a shower as his hair was still wet and casually swept back, revealing his clean forehead.

    After saying that, Eugene turned around and walked back into the room without even taking the medicine. Mnie hesitated for a moment before following him inside.

    Eugene had booked a spacious business suite for himself. Mnie ced the medicine on the table and reminded him again, “The medicine is here. Just take one tablet.”

    He remained silent, head lowered as he towel–dried his hair. His bathrobe hung loosely on him. From where Mnie was, she could just catch a glimpse of his elusive waist and abdominal lines.

    She looked away and got ready to leave.

    t

 ###Chapter 77

    77 

    Before she could take a step, Eugene said, “It seems more like you’re on vacation this time than a business trip.”

    His tone was indifferent, but his words made her ufortable. It was clear that Eugene had arranged for Evelyn to apany him, and now it seemed as if Mnie was cking off.

    Mnie pressed her lips together before replying, “Isn’t Miss Shue apanying you enough?”

    Eugene paused and then scoffed. His dark eyes fixed on Mnie, he asked, “Do you have a problem with that?”

    Mnie lowered her gaze. “No.” She felt a slightly damp towelnd on her and saw Eugene sitting down on the sofa expressionlessly. “Come over and help me dry my hair. I’m tired.”

    Mnie gripped the towel but did not move. Eugene raised an eyebrow, a hint of displeasure crossing his face.. “Do I need to invite you over?”

    Eugene’s hair was soft, a stark contrast to his appearance, Mnie always found it somewhat discordant. Lost in thought, her attention drifted until Eugene took in a sharp breath, bringing her back to reality.

    Eugene tilted his head slightly, avoiding the towel in Mnie’s hand. “What are you thinking about?”

    Mnie said, “Nothing.”

    There was a pause, but then he added sarcastically, “Thinking about Stephen?”

    She frowned at that. She did not understand why Eugene kept bringing Stephen up. His words rubbed her the wrong way, and she could not help but retort, “Are you thinking about Vi or Miss Shue?”

    Eugene’s dark eyes slowly narrowed as he red at Mnie. The mockery that traced the corners of his mouth became increasingly apparent, as if he were about to say something sarcastic.

    However, before he could speak, his brows furrowed and he involuntarily bent forward as a slight tremor ran through him.

    Observing his movements, Mnie hesitated for a moment before recalling that Eugene had mentioned something about feeling unwell. She thought he was fine when she saw him earlier.

    Setting the towel aside, she went to fetch the medicine she had bought and poured a ss of water for him. Eugene eased up a bit and silently took the medicine.

    However, as soon as he set the ss down, he looked at Mnie and said, “Leave.”

    Mnie had not even put down the medicine yet when she heard Eugene say coldly, “Vi or Miss Shue? Since when is my business something you need to worry about, Mnie?”

    Indeed, his affairs were none of her concern.

    Mnie quietly took her leave. The moment she stepped outside, she ran into Evelyne.

    Evelyn paused upon seeing Mnie and then asked, “Did youe to deliver medicine to Eugene?”

    “He’s already taken it,” Mnie replied.

    After saying that, Mnie walked away but had not even taken two steps when Evelyn called out to her. Smiling faintly, she said, “I’ve postponed tomorrow morning’s work, so don’t disturb him.”

    The implication of her words was significant. Mnie descended the stairs briskly. Her expression remained unchanged as she returned to her room where she discovered that Xander had replied to her message with a simple question mark.

    Mnie introduced herself, and after a brief moment’s waiting, Xander responded with a ‘Got it‘ and nothing more.

    Meanwhile, upstairs, Evelyn had gone into Eugene’s room. He opened his eyes when he heard ‘the door open.

    Seeing it was Evelyn, he lowered his gaze again and asked indifferently, “Why are you here?”

    Unfazed, Evelyn looked at Eugene’s exposed skin unabashedly before simply replying, “To take care of you. Is that okay?”

    Eugene paused for a moment before opening his eyes again to give her a meaningful look. Evelyn took a seat next to him. “Want to give it a try?”

 ###Chapter 78

    Evelyn sat close to Eugene, and he could smell her perfume waft to his nose. She nudged Eugene lightly with her knee while whispering, “I won’t be worse than your secretary.”

    Eugene’s dark eyes fixed on her, the yfulness in them fading to their original calm and indifference. “I’m here to do business with Ms. Turner, not to sleep with her daughter,” he said lightly.

    Evelyn stiffened for a moment before grabbing the hem of his clothes. “My mom won’t me you, and besides, she really likes you.”

    Eugene remainedposed. He stood up, picked up the stomach medicine that Mnie had ced on the table, and casually replied, “This isn’t appropriate.” After a pause, he added, Besides, I have someone now.”

    Evelyn looked at him with some embarrassment on her face. However, her gaze quickly fell back on the medicine bottle in Eugene’s hand. She asked, “Is it that secretary?”

    “It’s none of your concern,” he said.

    Mnie went to bed after taking a shower. The temperature in Prime City was moderate, and shopping during the day had tired her out, so she slept well.

    Then came midnight, and her phone that she had ced on the bedside table rang, waking her up. Mnie frowned and answered the phone. Eugene’s voice came through, deep and low in the quiet night, “Come up.”

    Holding onto the phone, Mnie asked hoarsely as her throat was dry from sleep, “What’s the matter?”

    Evelyn was likely still upstairs, yet Eugene was calling her to go up. Before she could get a response from him, however, the call ended. Mnie had no choice but to get up, put on a coat, and go upstairs.

    When she arrived upstairs, the room door was open. Mnie hesitated for a moment but then pushed the door open. There was no one inside. She furrowed her brows and was just about to turn around when she saw the balcony door open. Eugene came in in his pajamas.

    With his tall stature and long legs, the pajamas hung on his frame loosely by the belt that was casually tied around his waist. He was on the phone, and when he saw Mnie, he nced at her before lowering his voice to say goodnight to the person on the other end of the line.

    Mnie stood there like a wooden figure, not knowing why Eugene had called her up.

    After a while, Eugene finally ended the call. Mnie listened as he said goodnight several times. She was not sure if he was consoling Vi or Evelyn.

    “What time is it now?” Eugene asked Mnie without even looking up after he finished the call. He opened his WhatsApp.

    Mnie nced at him, checked her phone, and replied, “1:40 am.”

    “Hmm,” Eugene grunted. “I’m hungry.”

    ”

    Mnie frowned. “Do you want me to order some food from the front desk?”

    “My stomach isn’t feeling too good. I want soup,” Eugene said, finally putting away his phone. He looked at Mnie. “There should be some downstairs.”

    “It’s 1:30 in the morning now,” Mnie said slowly. “Eugene, can’t you eat something else?”

    It was in the middle of the night, and it was unlikely that there would be anyone selling soup downstairs now. Moreover, the winds were strong in Prime City at night, and Mnie’s clothes were not enough to withstand the cold. She did not want to go downstairs.

    However, Eugene just looked up at her, cold and indifferent. Expression nk, he said to Mnie again, “I’m not here to discuss it with you.”

    Mnie looked at him and then turned around, walking away.

    The winds in Prime City were strong. Mnie’s clothes were thin, and as soon as she stepped

    . out of the hotel doors, her hands stiffened from the cold.

    Fortunately, there was an open–air stall nearby. Mnie ordered a hot bowl of mushroom soup to take away and hurried back.

    However, when she returned, the room door was closed. Mnie’s heart sank as she knocked on the door.

    No one answered despite her knocking several times. Just as she was about to leave, the door finally opened.

    Eugene did not even nce at her before making his way back inside. Mnie followed him into the room and saw aptop on the coffee table. Eugene was working.

 ###Chapter 79

    Mnie ced the oatmeal at the side. “I’ve bought you some oatmeal.”

    Eugene was silent. He was staring at the screen, fully focused on his work.

    Mnie had no idea if Eugene would have any other instructions for her. She stayed behind and sat down on the mini sofa at the side.

    She sat there for more than 40 minutes before Eugene was finally done with work.

    He turned to see her still around and could not help frowning. “What are you still doing here?”

    Mnie replied, “I thought you might have something else for me to do.”

    “What would I need you to do?” Eugene shut hisptop. There was a t expression on his face, but she could tell that he was tired.

    He looked at the mushroom soup Mnie had gotten for him and paused. Mnie was about to leave, but he called out to her. He said coldly, “Remember to take your mushroom soup with you.”

    Mnie was silent for a while before slowly finding her voice. “Didn’t you ask for it?”

    “It’s cold,” Eugene said curtly. “Throw it away.”

    The mushroom soup was cold from being left out for too long. Mnie was already feeling exhausted and had even stood in the cold wind downstairs. All she wanted to do right now was

    to rest in her room.

    She picked up the mushroom soup she had just bought without another word. It was cold.

    There was a rubbish bin right next to the elevator. Mnie held the mushroom soup and stood next to the bin for a while before throwing the bowl into it.

    Mnie was no longer sleepy by the time she returned to her room. She stayed in bed with her eyes wide open until the next morning.

    They had to visit the branch office as usual that morning. Mnie had just gotten dressed for work and was on her way downstairs when she saw Eugene and Evelyn already waiting there.

    They spotted hering down the stairs, and Evelyn smiled to greet her. “Good morning, Miss Smith.”

    Mnie paused in her steps. “I’m sorry I came downte.”

    Evelyn’s arms were crossed in front of her chest. She sized up Mnie openly. “LeapCo’s secretary is really something, isn’t she? What an efficient worker.”

    This did not sound like praise. Her words wereden with sarcasm.

    Mnie had no idea what she had done to offend Evelyn. Eugene’s expression did not change. He did not look like he wanted to defend Mnie. The only thing Mnie could do was tolerate this.

    Evelyn was picking on Mnie on purpose. She did not stop being sarcastic to Mnie on their way to the branch office. Mnie finally could not take it and retaliated, “Miss Shue, have I offended you in some way?”

    A smile appeared on Evelyn’s face while she was looking out the window. She said nonchntly, “How could you ever offend me when you’re such a capable worker, Miss Smith?”

    Mnie wanted to say something, but she caught sight of Eugene’s warning look through the rearview mirror. She pressed her lips as she continued driving in silence.

    The situation at the Prime City branch was quite serious. This branch had an internal problem, and it was also facing fiercepetition.

    Peyton Turner’spany was the biggest client for this branch. If Peyton decided not to continue with them, this branch could go bankrupt.

    Evelyn could not afford to offend them.

    Eugene was the first to get out of the car when they arrived at the Prime City branch. He went over to Evelyn’s side and opened the door for her in a gentlemanly manner.

    Evelyn was in acey dress today. She looked very pretty in it with her high heels on.

    She looked happy when she saw how considerate Eugene was treating her. She nced at Mnie with a taunting look in her eye. She then reached her hand out to Eugene. “Can you help me up? It’s not so convenient for me with high heels on.”

    Eugene did not mind. He reached out to help her, and Evelyn took the opportunity to circle her arm around his. She pressed her body close to him.

    Mnie was wearing ts and was driving today, and Evelyn had pushed a huge stack of documents into her hands. She followed behind them as they entered the office.

    She was silent along the way. It was only after entering the meeting room that Mnie turned to Evelyn to say, “I’m sorry, Miss Shue. This is an internal meeting. It’s not appropriate for you to be here.“.

 ###Chapter 80

    80 

    Mnie’s expression was calm. “It’s LeapCo’s rule, Miss Shue.”

    Evelyn burst out with augh. She looked at Eugene. “Eugene, does yourpany have such a rule?”

    Eugene looked up at her, and after that, he turned his gaze to Mnie. He replied nonchntly, “I’ll apany youter to buy that new handbag you said you liked yesterday.”

    Evelyn pouted and asked unhappily, “Why can’t I listen in to the meeting?”

    Eugene contemted this and looked at Mnie. He paused for a minute and said to Evelyn, If you feel bored, Mnie can apany you to go shopping.”

    (( 

    “)

    `Evelyn did not even think twice as she burst out, “Why would I want to go shopping with her?”

    She clearly felt disdain toward Mnie. Mnie froze as she looked up at Eugene. However, Eugene nodded with the same t expression as he went along with Evelyn. “It’s up to you.‘

    Even though Evelyn wanted to stay, Eugene made no sign of giving in to her request. She knew it meant that he would not agree to it. There was no point in convincing him any further.

    After she left the meeting room, Eugene looked at Mnie and said coldly, “Give me the files.”

    Mnie had already put all the information together. However, Evelyn had pushed a huge stack of documents to her before they left the hotel, which was why her documents were now

    in a mess..

    It took her a while to finally grab the correct files for Eugene. Eugene got impatient from · waiting and knocked on the table with his finger. There was an unhappy look on his face. “Are you starting to ck off at work?”

    People began turning up for the meeting, and Mnie could only tidy up all the documents as she sat next to Eugene.

    The branch manager, Walden, rubbed his hands as he looked at Eugene with an upset

    expression. “Ourpetitor ising at us too strongly, Mr. Scott. We’re having difficulties with them.”

    There were no emotions in Eugene’s dark eyes. His fingers drummed on the table as he said coldly, “I’ve requested your data and business use case before this, but you haven’t given me anything yet.”

    Walden looked nervous. He wanted to exin but could note up with an excuse.

    Eugene’s expression was frosty. Mnie knew he was about to lose his temper. She quickly pulled out the documents he needed as she tried her best not to be the one to cause him to blow up.

    and that person

    Someone got nervous upon noticing Eugene was about to unleash his wrath, and that knocked into Mnie’s arm by ident.

    Eugene was next to Mnie. He was busy reading the documents when Mnie knocked into him. Eugene’s documents nted to the side.

    ter 80

    He looked extremely upset as he stared coldly at Mnie. “Get out if you can’t do your work!”

    Mnie turned pale. She quicklypiled all the documents in her hands and lowered her eyes as she apologized to him softly, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Scott. That was careless of me.”

    Eugene was still in a rage even after the meeting was over. No one dared to do anything that could further anger him. Even Walden followed behind Eugene while looking crestfallen. He saw them off with the utmost humility as he kept lowering his stature and nodding.

    Mnie followed behind Eugene with a stoic expression. She still felt upset about what happened. After all, Eugene had humiliated her publicly.

    Since Mniepleted her internship, she was rarely chided by Eugene.this way over work.

    Evelyn had been waiting outside, and when she saw Eugeneing out of the meeting room unhappily, she went up to him with a bright smile on her face. “What are you so angry about? Who offended you?”

    Eugene had to suppress his anger slightly when facing her. He pinched between his eyes. “No one.”

    Evelyn asked, “Are you still going to buy that handbag for me like you promised?”

    Mnie was behind them and could not see Eugene’s expression. All she heard was his voice, which sounded clearly like he was giving in to Evelyn. “A promise is a promise.”

    Evelyn smiled. “Get your credit card prepared. I’m not going to let you off the hook.”

    ‘

    Eugeneughed. It sounded like Evelyn had managed to cheer him up with her cutesy antics.

    No one noticed Mnie being left behind.

    They had to meet another clientter, but the appointment was at night.

    +

 ###Chapter 81

    81 

    Evelyn made Mnie drive to a shopping mall.

    She said, “There’s a restaurant there that I’ve always wanted to try, but no one would apany me. How about going there with me, Eugene?”

    Eugene looked at his phone. He replied, “It’s up to you.”

    “Miss Smith.” Evelyn was in a good mood after hearing Eugene’s reply. She turned to Mnie and gave her a big smile. “Can you wait outside for us until we’re done with lunch? That restaurant is a dining ce for couples. It’s not appropriate for you to eat there with us.”

    Eugene’s fingers paused while fiddling with his phone. Frowning, he looked at Evelyn. “It’s a restaurant for couples?”

    “Why? Can’t you eat there?” Evelyn asked.

    Eugene turned off his phone and nced at Mnie. Nodding, he said, “Sure I can.‘

    Mnie could sense the cold nce in Eugene’s eyes. She pressed her lips. Eugene must be warning her not to tell Vi about this.

    However, she was not close to Vi at all.

    There was no way Mnie would share such stories with her.

    Eugene and Evelyn entered the restaurant while Mnie found a random ce to have lunch.

    Mnie did not have enough rest the night before and had suffered from Eugene’s wrath today. She was feeling quite exhausted.

    She ordered something random and took a few bites of her lunch. All she wanted was to find somewhere to have some rest.

    After a short moment of peace, a message suddenly popped up on her phone.

    Xander, who had vanishedst night, had sent her the message. He informed her that Stephen had reached out to him and he wanted to know if Mnie would like to meet him since he was

    free.

    Mnie thought about this. She felt that Eugene and Evelyn would probably be spending more time together, so she agreed to meet Xander.

    Xander happened to be nearby, and he told Mnie to wait for him at the restaurant.

    Mnie agreed and sent a thank you message to Stephen.

    Stephen replied very quickly. He left her a voice message. “Xander is very talented in this field. It’s not a bad thing for you to engage him and get to know more about this industry.”

    He had a warm voice, and it was clear that he was thinking on her behalf. Mnie was about to thank him again when she heard him say, “If you really want to thank me, buy me a meal when you return.”

    Mnie put her phone away after replying to Stephen’s voice message. That was when she saw a young man walk into the restaurant.

    The man was very tall, and he was wearing a white shirt and pants. His legs were long and slender, and he looked just like a model.

    He attracted lots of attention the moment he entered. Mnie quickly looked away after ncing at him. After all, it was rude to stare at someone.

    The man looked around the restaurant, and surprisingly, he went straight toward Mnie before stopping right in front of her.

    “Xander Soloman.” The man’s voice was maic. He reached out to knock the table in front of Mnie as he looked down at her. His expression was calm as he asked, “Mnie Smith?”

    Mnie was taken aback.

    She could not look at his face clearly when Xander was standing at a distance just now. She only sensed that there was something different about this man and he was very good–looking.

    Now that he was right in front of her, she noticed that Xander had a pair of very pretty almond -shaped eyes. He had a red mole right below the end of his right eye.

    It made him look distant.

    Mnie breathed in sharply as she looked at Xander. Her intuition told her that this man was not someone to be trifled with.

 ###Chapter 82

    Xander raised an eyebrow when she did not give him a reply. He asked Mnie another question, “Do you know Stephen York?”

    Mnie snapped out of her thoughts and wiped away the expression on her face. She said slowly, “He’s my friend.”

    After that, she reached her hand out to Xander. “How do you do? I’m Mnie Smith.”

    Xander shook her hand and sat opposite her. He cut to the chase. “Stephen told me you’re thinking about organizing an art exhibition?”

    “Yes, I do have interest in it.” Mnie was not shy about it. “I’d like to give it a try.”

    Xander’s fingers were long and slender. They looked refined. He snapped his fingers at a waiter and asked for some pen and paper. After that, he began scribbling some numbers on them.

    He pushed the paper to Mnie and said nonchntly, “There are a few interesting exhibitions being held recently. You should go check them out.”

    >>

    His writing was just like his personality. They were cursive, and sharp, yet looked tidy and pretty.

    Mnie looked at the long string of numbers‘ below and asked, “Is that your phone number?”

    “Yup. I don’t really use social media.” Xander stood up after that. He looked at the time and frowned. After that, he asked Mnie another question impassively, “How long will you be staying at Prime City?”

    Mnie answered, “I have no idea.”

    “Contact me after you’ve seen the exhibitions.” His words indicated that was busy with something else. Mnie stood up as well,

    However, she was careless about it and knocked into the corner of the table. Losing her footing, she fell forward.

    Someone grabbed her arm. The scent of the man was clean and fresh. It was mixed with the smell of paint. Mnie stabilized herself.

    She tried to be nonchnt when she looked at Xander, but her voice sounded a little embarrassed. “Thank you.”

    “The furniture here has strong cultural features. It’s easy to bump into them.” Xander’s expression was t. His hand quickly pulled back from Mnie’s shoulder.

    Mnie paused. She wanted to say something when her phone rang.

    Eugene was calling her. He spoke the moment Mnie picked up, “Grab your things. We’re meeting a client now.”

    He hung up after that and did not give Mnie a chance to reply.

    Xander was still around. She could only say apologetically, “I’ll buy you a meal the next time we meet. Thank you for making the trip.”

    <i>2/2 </i>

    He nodded and strode out. He had decided to meet Mnie at thest minute because he wanted to avoid a difficult clierit.

    After Xander left, Mnie followed behind.

    Eugene and Evelyn were still waiting at the restaurant meant for couples. When Mnie arrived, Evelyn was chatting with Eugene with a coquettish smile on her face.

    When Eugene spotted Mnie, he raised an eyebrow and asked, “Where did you go?” “I was having my lunch at the restaurant next door,” Mnie replied.

    Mnie saw a new handbag in Evelyn’s hands. Eugene must have bought it for her before Mnie arrived.

    Even though Mnie was not a fan of handbags, she had seen her fair share of them. It took one nce for Mnie to recognize that it was this season’stest design from a luxury brand. It was worth five figures.

    Evelyn noticed Mnie looking at it andughed. She purposely lifted the handbag and asked Mnie, “Do you think this handbag looks good too, Miss Smith? Eugene was really generous. He bought it for me without batting an eye when I said I liked it.”

    Mnie lowered her eyes. That really was generous of him. They had no idea if they would be able to continue working with Peyton, and he was already spending so much money on her daughter.

    However, Mnie could not really voice this out loud. She gave a nonchnt reply and went off to drive the car over.

    There were two main people the branch office worked with. One was Peyton Turner, and the other was Tobias Carter.

    He was about 35 or 36 and wore a pair of gold–rimmed sses. He looked gentlemanly and refined.

 ###Chapter 83

    he first time Mnie met Tobias, she knew at first nce that this man was not as easy to deal with as he looked.

    Evelyn insisted on following them because she imed that she wanted to learn from Eugene how tomunicate with clients. As they were not businesspetitors, Eugene agreed.

    She sat right next to Eugene, and the only empty space left at the table was the one beside

    Tobias.

    There was a look in Mnie’s eye as she moved a few steps to the side. She did not n on taking that seat.

    Evelyn leaned in close to Eugene and said out loud on purpose, “I don’t think it’s very nice of you to be standing there like this, Miss Smith.”

    Mnie nced nonchntly at Evelyn with documents in her hands. Evelyn continued, “ People might think that you have a problem with Mr. Carter because you refuse to sit next to him.”

    She raised an eyebrow and replied, “I’m only a secretary who works for Mr. Scott. It’s not appropriate for me to be sitting next to Mr. Carter.”

    Evelyn’s expression froze. She was here under the guise of Eugene’s secretary. No secretary would act so intimately with their boss out in public.

    There was a knowing look in Tobias‘ eyes when he looked at Evelyn. He immediately said to Eugene in an understanding tone, “You’re a young man indeed, Mr. Scott.”

    Eugene remained stoic and said nothing.

    He looked up at Mnie sharply and said in a direct manner, “Get out if you don’t want to be here. Stop being contentious.”

    Eugene was being curt with her just like he did in the meeting room this morning when he berated her in public. He was not considerate of Mnie’s feelings at all. She wondered who had angered him this time.

    He had vented at Mnie twice today, and no matter how much she could tolerate this, she eventually felt a little mad about it. Mnie looked at Eugene, and her fingers clutched the documents tightly.

    Just as she was about to say something, Tobias, who had seen enough, began to smooth things out. “Mr. Scott, you sure are an energetic young man full of fire. I see you’re still able to re up when facing such a pretty secretary.”

    He smiled at Mnie. “It’s not dangerous to sit next to me. Please feel free to sit, Miss Secretary.”

    Tobias‘ smile was phony. Mnie’s fingers had turned white from gripping too hard on the documents.

    For some reason, she suddenly felt like she wanted to throw up. Mnie ced the documents in front of Eugene and turned to leave the café. 213

    She could hear Evelyn saying behind her, “How nice it is to be your secretary, Eugene. She can

    leave anytime she wants.”

    When Mnie walked out of the café, she suddenly had no idea what to do.

    It was the first time she was protesting against Eugene after working for him for so many

    years.

    Mnie turned back to nce at the café. She had no idea where to go.

    She frowned and felt frustrated, but she was not willing to return to the café to see Eugene and Evelyn.

    As she was hesitating, she suddenly remembered the paper Xander had given to her.

    Half the afternoon was now gone. Mnie searched on her phone and found an exhibition still ongoing. It was fifth on the list Xander had shared with her.

    Mnie bought the tickets online and took a taxi there.

    It was not far from where she was, and the journey took only ten minutes.

    The exhibition looked ordinary, and the pieces disyed were paintings. Mnie looked at the artist’s name and saw that they were painted by the same person.

    It must be an artist she did not know.

    What was worth mentioning was that the exhibition hall was decorated quite interestingly. The concept was well thought out and impressive. It was good enough to elevate the ordinary paintings into something much better than they were.

    Mnie stopped at thest painting that was hung mid–air. It was a huge portrait. That was when she heard a cold and distant voice say, “Excuse me, we’re about to close the exhibition.”

    She turned toward the voice and saw Xander, whom she had just met earlier, walking toward

    her.

 ###Chapter 84

    Xander did not expect thest visitor to be Mnie. He raised an eyebrow and walked over to her. “Are you really that interested in your art exhibition?”

    Mnie smiled. “What a coincidence.”

    “This isn’t a coincidence. I’m in charge of this exhibition.” Xander’s tone was lukewarm. He pointed at the painting hung up behind Mnie. “This is the first day of the exhibition and you’re the first visitor, but I need to make adjustments to this painting, which is why I have to close the exhibition.”

    Mnie looked at where he was pointing. She could not see any problem with it. She asked, What adjustments does the painting need?”

    . Xander nced at her. “It’s the lighting. Different lighting provides a different mood to the

    object.”

    “Objects have moods too?” Mnie repeated this. She thought this description to be interesting, but she did not want to interrupt Xander’s work.

    She was about to leave when Xander called out to her. “You can continue visiting the

    exhibition. This is the only painting I’ll be adjusting.”

    Mnie looked around the exhibition one more time. By then, Xander was already done with the adjustments. Mnie looked up at it once more and realized that there really was something different about it.

    What a fascinating feeling.

    It was already past seven when they left the exhibition hall. It waste, and the sky was now dark.

    Mnie looked at her phone. Eugene had not contacted her. He probably did not care where she went off to.

    Her lowered eyshes quivered slightly as she put her phone back into her bag moodily. “Where are you going? I’ll give you a lift.” While she was lost in her thoughts, Xander suddenly voiced out his offer.

    Mnie did not want to trouble him. “It’s fine. I’ll just grab a taxi.”

    “It’s hard to get a taxi here.”

    Xander insisted on seeing her back to the hotel. Mnie suddenly remembered that she had promised to buy him a meal, but Xander informed her that he had something to handleter.

    Mnie was slightly disappointed. “Next time, then.”

    She opened the car door to get off. The moment she got out of the car, she saw Evelyn getting out of another car. Eugene was right behind her.

    Evelyn did not expect to see Mnie. She said coolly, “You’re a brazen employee, Miss Smith. You skipped work right in front of your boss.”

    ((

    past her and looked away as he strode off.

    212

    Mnie stood next to the car for a long time until Xander called out to her. She jumped and quickly apologized to him.

    Xander’s hands were on the steering wheel. He looked at her for quite a while before pinching between his eyes. “Call me if you need anything. Stephen asked me to look out for you while you’re here.”

    Mnie was taken aback. No wonder Xander was being so nice to her. It was because of Stephen.

    She shook her head and returned to the hotel.

    The elevator stopped on the eighth floor. She stepped out and immediately saw Eugene waiting outside her room door.

    Mnie paused in her footsteps. Eugene looked up at her when he heard her footsteps. He ordered her with a stoic expression, “Open the door.”

    She opened the door silently. Eugene entered the room before her but kept silent until Mnie asked, “Is there anything you need from me?”

    Eugene looked up at her when he heard the question. “I must have been too lenient with you, Mnie.”

    Mnie held her breath. Eugene actually thought he was being lenient with her?

    There was a sharp look in Eugene’s eyes. He looked at Mnie frostily. There were no emotions in his eyes, and his stare sent a chill through Mnie.

    “You’re thinking about resigning?” Eugene grunted softly after a while. There was fury hidden deep inside his dark eyes. He said slowly, “Mnie Smith, are you able to afford the penalty for breach of contract?”

    Mnie paused before replying hoarsely, “No, I can’t.”

    “Stop putting up a pretense if you can’t afford it.” Eugene’s words struck her mind like lightning. It sobered her up.

    It was true that she could not afford the penalty. She had to be a good girl and stay by Eugene’s side.

    Was she really just putting up a pretense?

    Mnie wanted to say something but chose to stay silent in the end.

    Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 

    im

 ###Chapter 85

    She decided to let it be.

    If Eugene felt like she was putting up a pretense, then so be it.

    The room turned silent after they were done talking. Mnie thought Eugene would leave.

    However, Eugene unbuttoned the top of his shirt and did not look like he wanted to leave.

    Mnie could not kick him out if he wanted to stay. After all, they had just been talking about the penalty for breach of contract.

    She sat at the side of the bed for a while before silently taking her pajamas into the bathroom.

    Mnie was waiting for Eugene to leave of his own ord, but he was still around after she . was done with her bath.

    She was wearing the bathrobe from the hotel, and she made sure her cor was covered up tight.

    Mnie had just washed her hair, and it fell messily all over her shoulders.

    Eugene looked quite rxed. He stared at Mnie and asked casually, “Did you sleep with other men during this time?”

    Mnie was taken aback. She thought she had heard wrong. “What did you just say?”

    Eugene looked up at her. “Stephen York, Joshua Hewitt, and that man who drove you back today.”

    He mentioned those names nonchntly and asked Mnie, “Which of them did you sleep with?”

    Mnie felt the blood inside her body froze. She looked at Eugene in disbelief. However, he looked back at her with a t expression. “Answer me.”

    Silent, Mnie found herself having difficulty breathing. Her nails dug into her palms, but she felt no pain.

    It took her quite a while before she managed to find her voice. Her voice quivered as she asked Eugene, “Is that what you think of me?”

    Eugene did not seem to sense her emotions. He stared at her for quite a while and contemted something before asking again, “Didn’t you sleep with them?”

    Mnie pressed her lips tight. She had no idea what to answer.

    Eugene stood up and came close to Mnie. He reached out to grab Mnie’s chin. His voice was so cold it chilled Mnie. “It’s best that you didn’t. You know how much I hate when my things get dirty.”

    The grip on Mnie’s chin was strong, forcing her to look straight into Eugene’s eyes. She could see the disdain that shed in his eye..

    Mnie’s heart felt heavy. She could hardly breathe.

    212

    Eugene was a womanizer who never rejected any woman who threw themselves at him.

    He had Vi waiting for him in Jepton, and there was also Evelyn upstairs.

    Mnie could feel his grip on her chin getting harder, but she did not even attempt to struggle. All she did was press her lips and stare back at him.

    She did not realize that her eyes were now red and she looked quite upset.

    Eugene could see that look on her face very clearly.

    However, there was only coldness in his eyes. He almost crushed Mnie’s chin as he clenched his teeth to say, “Who do you think is clean? Stephen York? Or some other random men?”

    The stronger his grip was, the more pain Mnie felt, and her face turned even whiter. However, she still chose to retort, “What about you? Are you one of the random men having an affair with me?”

    She sounded like she was crying.

    Mnie had been with Eugene for eight years. Everyone had thought she was his legitimate girlfriend back then, but she was now just his booty call that was not worth a thing.

    Her confidence back then was like a p to her face now.

    Mnie bit her lip and closed her eyes. She did not want to continue looking at Eugene.

    That was about right.

    She had been overconfident before because she thought she was special to Eugene.

    It was only now that she finally understood that she was no different from any other woman. She was nothing but a ything to him.

 ###Chapter 86

    Mnie felt a slight pain on her lips and tongue, and sheter tasted blood. Theer of her lips was bitten hard.

    Eugene’s grip rxed, and Mnie turned slightly away from him. 

    Her sudden movement caused her pajamas to fall loosely around her, revealing her corbone and exposing a huge patch of her fair skin.

    Eugene lowered his eyes to look at her. A sarcastic smile appeared on his lips, and his tone became nonchnt once more. He sniggered. “What’s wrong? Angry that I didn’t acknowledge you as my girlfriend?”

    Before Mnie could reply, he let her go. Eugene returned to sit on the sofa and asked her with a t expression, “When have I ever said that you were my girlfriend?

    “You overestimate yourself, Mnie Smith.” Eugene’sst sentence was a reminder to Mnie. He was telling her that she had been full of herself before, which was why she was paying the price now.

    A robotic ring was heard, and Eugene looked down at his phone before picking it up.

    Mnie was standing not far away from him. She could vaguely hear Vi’s coquettish voice from the other end of the call.

    Eugene’s eyes were lowered as he replied to each question Vi was asking.

    Mnie watched this. Eugene was replying to Vi in a gentle manner. It waspletely different from when he was speaking coldly to her just moments before.

    Realization finally dawned on Mnie.

    It did not matter if it was Vi Shaw or Evelyn Shue, Eugene had always been gentle and considerate to them.

    Mnie was the only one who did not receive such treatment.

    She stood stunned where she was. It was only when Eugene called ‘Mnie‘ in a deep voice that she finally looked at him.

    Eugene was looking at her too, and he frowned slightly. He was still on the phone. “She isn’t here. I have no idea.”

    Mnie realized that he was still chatting on the phone with Vi.

    She did not want to disturb Eugene, so she went to the other side of the room and opened the door to the balcony.

    There was a huge disparity in temperature at Prime City. Mnie felt cold the moment she stepped onto the balcony.

    She suddenly received a call from the director of the nursing home.

    Mnie was taken aback. She picked up the call and heard the director saying seriously to her, “Please make a trip to the nursing home tomorrow if you have the time, Miss Smith.”

    This scared Mnie She frowned. “Did something happen to my grandfather?”


    “There’s something wrong with Mr. Lancaster recently. ording to the nurse’s aide, he has been frequenting the bank.”

    The director continued, “We suspect that Mr. Lancaster might be getting conned. When would you be free toe over and have a look at the situation, Miss Smith?”

    Mnie hung up. She stayed on the balcony as her mind drifted off. It took a while before she remembered she had to call her grandfather. However, she did not make the call because her grandfather must have already gone to bed at this hour.

    She gave this some thought and decided to call Dn Lancaster.

    Mnie rarely contacted Dn of her own ord. She was always the one who had reached out to Mnie back then.

    Dn had waited for Mnie on the road that she usually took to go to the office. Dn would prepare different varieties of breakfast every morning for Mnie back then.

    That was also when Dn had told Mnie that she regretted abandoning her.

    Mnie had believed that Dn still loved her.

    The call was soon picked up, but it was not Dn. A man’s rough and coarse voice was heard through the phone.

    He roared into the phone crudely, “Who are you looking for?”

    Mnie found this very strange. She asked, “Where’s Dn Lancaster?”

    “Why are you looking for that bitch?” The man sounded even more rude when he heard Dn’s name.

    Next, she heard the man knock into something before he began cursing.

    “That bitch gave birth to a useless daughter and she still has the gall to ask me for money!”

 ###Chapter 87

    The man cursed for a long time before suddenly hanging up.

    Mnie held the phone in her hand. She was not able to recover from the call as she stood for a long time on the balcony.

    It was only when a gale of cold wind blew at her and she shivered that Mnie slowly looked up. She peeked into her room and saw that Eugene had gone. He must have returned to his

    room.

    The next day, Mnie called her grandfather the moment she woke up. He picked up the call very quickly.

    Mnie could tell from his voice that he was exhausted. There was nothing she could do.

    There was no way her grandfather would stop giving Dn money. She was his daughter, and Peachie was his granddaughter.

    Her grandfather was not in good health. If he found out that the money he earned for Peachie’s illness had been gambled away by that man…

    When Mnie kept silent, Albert spoke up, “What’s wrong, Mel?”

    Mnie pinched between her eyes. Her mind was in a mess. She paused to clear her mind before saying, “I’ve been too busy recently. I just miss you.”

    Albertughed. Mnie chatted with him about unrted minor issues before finally asking, ” Did you transfer money to Peachie recently?”

    He hesitated, but in the end, he chose to say nothing. Mnie waited for him to answer.

    After a while, he finally said, “It hasn’t been easy for them. I should help out any way I can.”

    Mnie replied with an ‘Alright‘ and said nothing else.

    She had to attend a meeting at the branch officeter. She bumped into Eugene and Evelyn when she headed toward the elevator downstairs.

    Mnie hesitated before finally entering the elevator.

    She stood at the side. Mnie was still feeling troubled over her grandfather and Dn’s problem.

    Unfortunately, Evelyn was still trying to upset her.

    “I see Miss Smith is working today. I thought you had resigned.”

    Mnie frowned. She looked up to see Eugene standing beside Evelyn. She clenched her fists and said slowly, “It was wrong of me yesterday. I’ve already apologized to Mr. Scott.”

    Evelyn grunted sarcastically. Eugene was impassive and did not even nce at her.

    Mnie lowered her head. Her long and thick eyshes hid the emotion in her eyes.

    Her mind was filled with her grandfather and Dn’s problems. She did not have the capacity to worry about anything else.

    Mnie was distracted the entire journey. She even almost fell down the stairs while on their

    way out of the hotel, and she identally knocked into Eugene.

    Eugene lowered his eyes to look at her with a cold expression. “If you can’t get yourself together, go back to the hotel.”

    Evelyn was enjoying this. Mnie bit her lip and apologized to Eugene. “I’m sorry, Mr. Scott. I’ll be focused.”

    Eugene said nothing else as he strode toward the parking lot.

    Mnie followed behind them. Her head ached, and she massaged her temple before going to the parking lot as well.

    Evelyn seemed to be looking for trouble today. They had just arrived at the branch office when she ordered Mnie to buy her coffee from a particr café.

    Mnie frowned. “This ce is too far. It would take an hour to return to the office even if I drove.”

    Evelyn looked at Eugene and said unhappily, “I only want coffee from this café.”

    Eugene was impassive. He nced at Mnie. “Buy it.”

    Mnie stood there for a while before finally driving off to get the coffee.

    It was the morning rush hour, and by the time she returned, an hour and a half had passed. Eugene and Evelyn were no longer at the office.

    Mnie checked with the front desk and found out that they had left to do market research with Walden.

    She held the cup of cold coffee in her hand and sat down in the lounge. She calmly sent Eugene a message. [Do you need me to go over?]

 ###Chapter 88

    Ten minutes passed, and there was no reply from Eugene.

    Mnie got up to inform the front desk that she would be leaving.

    Before she walked away, she saw Walden running toward her in a hurry. He was taken aback to see Mnie. “What are you still doing here, Miss Smith?”

    Walden hade back to the office because he had forgotten something. It did not seem like Mnie could leave now. She asked, “Where is Mr. Scott and the others?”

    “They’re at Sundale.” He thought Mnie had stayed back at the branch office for work. He asked, “I’m heading over right now. Are youing with me, Miss Smith?”

    It was even more difficult for her to sit out of this now that Walden had invited her along. Mnie nodded and left with Walden to Sundale.

    Sundale was not far from where they were. It took only 20 minutes to get there. Walden cautiously chatted about matters at the branch office with her along the way. It looked like he was trying to sound her out on what Eugene was nning.

    Mnie remained impassive. “Mr. Scott will take care of the branch office personally now that he’s at Prime City. You don’t need to worry about anything, Walden.”

    She had always been a cold person, and her stoic expression made her seem even more distant. Walden wanted to chat further but decided not to in the end.

    When they arrived, the person in charge of weing them said respectfully to Walden, “Ms. Turner just arrived. Mr. Scott is with her now.”

    Ms. Turner was Peyton Turner. Mnie had no idea she would show up today and frowned.

    Walden cleared his throat. He wanted to show off his capability to Mnie, so he said, “Ms. Turner and I are considered old friends.“/

    He had just said this when the lounge doors opened. Evelyn walked out while holding onto Peyton’s arm. Eugene followed behind them with an impassive look on his face.

    Walden rubbed his hands and went over to them. Peyton nced at him and greeted him politely.

    Mnie was standing behind Walden when Peyton’s gaze fell on her.

    Peyton looked slightly taken aback. She turned and looked at Evelyn to remind her with slight exasperation, “I’ll be at Brocade City for a few days. Don’t trouble Eugene too much.”

    After that, Peyton turned to Eugene and smiled. “This is an emergency, and I’m sorry to be troubling you for a while. I’ll give you an immediate reply on the contract once I return.”

    Eugene nodded. He replied in a low voice, “I’ll be at Prime City for a while.”

    “I’ll talk to Ste about this when I get back. You should stay by Eugene’s side for the next few days, Evie. Don’t y around when you’re working.”

    Evelyn agreed, and after seeing Peyton off, she turned to Eugene. “My mom wants me to learn from you. How should I do that?”

    Her tone was clearly flirtatious, and Mnie looked down as she took a step farther from them.

    It was only then that Evelyn seemed to notice Mnie. She looked Mnie up and down, and her face slowly crinkled. Evelyn’s tone was brusque as she questioned Mnie, “Where’s my coffee?”

    The café was quite a distance from the branch office. It had turned cold by the time Mnie returned with it. Now that another half an hour had passed, it hadpletely cooled down.

    Mnie passed the paper bag containing the coffee over to Evelyn. She could guess what Evelyn was about to say to her.

    Just as she expected, Evelyn’s face fell the moment she took the coffee from Mnie. “I wanted a hot Americano. Why did you get me an iced Americano?”

    Mnie clenched her fingers. “This café is quite a distance away, and I had no idea you hade here.”

    “You’re full of excuses, Miss Smith.” Evelyn sneered. She looked at Mnie with disdain. ” Also, I know I asked you to get me coffee, but did you really only get one cup?”

    Mnie saw that Evelyn was looking at Eugene when she said this. Mnie replied slowly, ” Mr. Scott doesn’t take coffee.”

    She found herself saying this weakly.

    It was not that Eugene did not take coffee. It was just that his workload was really heavy in his earlier days and he did not sleep well then, which was why Mnie had curbed his caffeine intake.

 ###Chapter 89

    As time passed, Eugene stopped drinking coffee.

    Mnie went into a daze at this memory.

    Her rtionship with Eugene back then was not as cold as it was now.

    There was a time when she had treated him wholeheartedly and Eugene was also good to her.

    Evelyn froze when she heard Mnie’s reply. She felt that Mnie was humiliating her on purpose.

    She looked unhappy, but a bright smile appeared on her face once more when she turned to look at Eugene. Her voice was sweet as she got straight to the point. “How about letting me work as your secretary for the next few days, Eugene? That’s the best way I can learn from ‘you.”

    Evelyn sounded reasonable. Eugene nced at her and said impassively, “My secretary?”

    “Can’t I?” Evelyn looked up at him with a pitiful look on her face. She said suggestively, Didn’t my mom ask you to take care of me? You can do anything you want with me.”

    ((

    Eugene looked at her coldly and replied nonchntly, “No one brings two secretaries along with them.”

    “You can just fire Miss Smith.” Evelyn was tugging on Eugene’s sleeve. She was trying to make him agree to this.

    Mnie stood there watching all of this. Evelyn was talking about her, but all Mnie could do was watch as she numbly waited for Eugene to answer.

    Eugene frowned subtly. He nced at Mnie from the corner of his eye and turned his gaze away quietly.

    Mnie noticed this, and her mind went nk.

    Eugene might really fire her because of Evelyn.

    If Eugene fired her now…

    Mnie held her breath. The thought of her grandfather and Dn made her palms feel numb.

    However, it took only a few seconds for Eugene to coldly speak up, “Stop fooling around.”

    He was saying this to Evelyn. He paused before continuing, “Miss Shue, you’re not in charge of LeapCo.”

    Evelyn’s expression froze. She looked at Eugene with slight resentment but said nothing.

    Even though she was not happy with Eugene’s answer, she knew that he would never change his mind about something he had already decided on.

    Evelyn was reminded of what her mother said before leaving, so she continued to put up an obedient look. She brushed this off by being coquettish with Eugene.

    Eugene replied to her with only a sentence each time they spoke.

    Mnie followed behind quietly like an invisible person.

    When they got downstairs and were about to leave, Mnie stood at the side as she was not sure if she should get into the car.

    While she was hesitating, a familiar male voice suddenly called out to her. “Mnie Smith?”

    Mnie turned and saw Xander walking toward her with a stoic expression.

    She was surprised, “What are you doing here?”

    Xander had told her yesterday that he was still working at the exhibition.

    “I’m here to look for inspiration.” His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, and there was Night blue paint on his wrist. It looked like he had been busy.

    Mnie was about to ask if Xander needed something. After all, Xander did not seem like a person who would approach her for no reason.

    A shadow fell over her as Mnie caught a cool whiff of cedar. Eugene’s voice said coldly, “If you really want to get fired, you can be straight about it.”

 ###Chapter 90

    hapter 90

    He sounded calm, but Mnie had worked for him for years, and she could sense from his tone that he was unhappy.

    Mnie had no idea why Eugene would be in a bad mood. She pressed her lips and did not reply.

    Her reaction only made Eugene respond more sarcastically to her. His eyes narrowed, and his tone was cold. “Miss Smith, you’re at work right now. It’s not appropriate for you to be flirting with men during working hours.

    Mnie looked up at him and saw Eugene’s eyes. She saw the annoyed look on his face very clearly.

    She cleared her throat and exined with difficulty. “It’s a friend.”

    Eugene ridiculed her. “I see you have quite a lot of friends. Which one is this?”

    The ‘friend‘ he was talking about was different from the kind of friend Mnie meant.

    Mnie looked upset. She could tolerate Eugene’s insults, but she could not allow Xander to be implicated without reason.

    She calmed herself down and berated Eugene with slight anger, “Please stop thinking such inappropriate thoughts. Aren’t I allowed to have my own friends?”

    Eugene’s face fell as he stared at Mnie.

    He had always been an intimidating figure despite his age. Now that he looked upset, he was even more frightening.

    Mnie could not help trembling when he stared at her. She was about to say something when Evelyn came over to them with documents in her hand.

    Blinking, she asked Eugene, “Aren’t we going back to the branch office for a meeting, Mr. Scott? Why are you still waiting here?”

    Mnie was taken aback as she looked up at Eugene.

    He had already turned away from her and was walking away.

    Evelyn followed behind me while hugging the documents. She had hardly walked a few steps before she stopped and turned around. She looked Mnie up and down. “If you don’t want toe along with Eugene, you can stoping along in the future.”

    Mnie felt that Evelyn meant something else, but she left after saying this to Mnie.

    It was only after both of them were finally gone that Mnie finally let the exhaustion wash over her.

    She suddenly realized that Eugene must have been waiting for Evelyn to get to the meeting. Mnie frowned. She looked in the direction Eugene had left.

    “Was that your boss?” Xander spoke again. Mnie was reminded of how Eugene had insulted Xander for no reason.

    She pinched between her eyes. “I’m sorry that you got implicated just now.” Eugene’s words were horrible, and it was only normal for Xander to get angry about it.

    However, Xander gave her a thoughtful look and said, “I must have caused you trouble by suddenlying to see you.”

    “It has nothing to do with you.” Mnie shook her head. She knew very well that Eugene would still find fault with her even if Xander was not around.

    She was not in the mood to discuss Eugene with Xander, so she asked, “Is there anything you need from me?”

    Xander pointed at a warehouse behind her. “I’m testing out some work samples there. I need an extra eye to look at them.”

    “Don’t you have your employees?” Mnie was a little curious. “Stephen said you had a team working for you.”

    Xander replied, “They’re at the exhibition you went to yesterday.”

    After chatting for a little longer, Mnie followed Xander to the warehouse. The lighting was very dim at the door.

    There were dozens of wooden boxes of different sizes ced in sequence on the mottled wall. They looked like they were ced there randomly, but at a closer look, there was a system to it. It was a messy but calcted setting.

    Mnie looked at them and asked Xander, “Is this one of your exhibition projects?”

    Xander nodded. “The client is looking for a unique idea to create a deep impression.”

    Mnie has seen her fair share of exhibitions in the past, but most yed it quite safe. She had never seen anything like what Xander had done.

    Xander looked at the doubtful look on her face as he jotted some notes inside his notebook. He said, “Disys aren’t just about putting out the stuff. You need to consider the location, lighting, electronic equipment, and the work involved.”

 ###Chapter 91

    He sounded calm, but Mnie had worked for him for years, and she could sense from his tone that he was unhappy.

    Mnie had no idea why Eugene would be in a bad mood. She pressed her lips and did not reply.

    Her reaction only made Eugene respond more sarcastically to her. His eyes narrowed, and his tone was cold. “Miss Smith, you’re at work right now. It’s not appropriate for you to be flirting with men during working hours.

    Mnie looked up at him and saw Eugene’s eyes. She saw the annoyed look on his face very clearly.

    She cleared her throat and exined with difficulty. “It’s a friend.”

    Eugene ridiculed her. “I see you have quite a lot of friends. Which one is this?”

    The ‘friend‘ he was talking about was different from the kind of friend Mnie meant.

    Mnie looked upset. She could tolerate Eugene’s insults, but she could not allow Xander to be implicated without reason.

    She calmed herself down and berated Eugene with slight anger, “Please stop thinking such inappropriate thoughts. Aren’t I allowed to have my own friends?”

    Eugene’s face fell as he stared at Mnie.

    He had always been an intimidating figure despite his age. Now that he looked upset, he was even more frightening.

    Mnie could not help trembling when he stared at her. She was about to say something when Evelyn came over to them with documents in her hand.

    Blinking, she asked Eugene, “Aren’t we going back to the branch office for a meeting, Mr. Scott? Why are you still waiting here?”

    Mnie was taken aback as she looked up at Eugene.

    He had already turned away from her and was walking away.

    Evelyn followed behind me while hugging the documents. She had hardly walked a few steps before she stopped and turned around. She looked Mnie up and down. “If you don’t want toe along with Eugene, you can stoping along in the future.”

    Mnie felt that Evelyn meant something else, but she left after saying this to Mnie.

    It was only after both of them were finally gone that Mnie finally let the exhaustion wash over her.

    She suddenly realized that Eugene must have been waiting for Evelyn to get to the meeting. Mnie frowned. She looked in the direction Eugene had left.

    “Was that your boss?” Xander spoke again. Mnie was reminded of how Eugene had insulted Xander for no reason.

    She pinched between her eyes. “I’m sorry that you got implicated just now.” Eugene’s words were horrible, and it was only normal for Xander to get angry about it.

    However, Xander gave her a thoughtful look and said, “I must have caused you trouble by suddenlying to see you.”

    “It has nothing to do with you.” Mnie shook her head. She knew very well that Eugene would still find fault with her even if Xander was not around.

    She was not in the mood to discuss Eugene with Xander, so she asked, “Is there anything you need from me?”

    Xander pointed at a warehouse behind her. “I’m testing out some work samples there. I need an extra eye to look at them.”

    “Don’t you have your employees?” Mnie was a little curious. “Stephen said you had a team working for you.”

    Xander replied, “They’re at the exhibition you went to yesterday.”

    After chatting for a little longer, Mnie followed Xander to the warehouse. The lighting was very dim at the door.

    There were dozens of wooden boxes of different sizes ced in sequence on the mottled wall. They looked like they were ced there randomly, but at a closer look, there was a system to it. It was a messy but calcted setting.

    Mnie looked at them and asked Xander, “Is this one of your exhibition projects?”

    Xander nodded. “The client is looking for a unique idea to create a deep impression.”

    Mnie has seen her fair share of exhibitions in the past, but most yed it quite safe. She had never seen anything like what Xander had done.

    Xander looked at the doubtful look on her face as he jotted some notes inside his notebook. He said, “Disys aren’t just about putting out the stuff. You need to consider the location, lighting, electronic equipment, and the work involved.”

 ###Chapter 92

    Mnie looked thoughtful, asking Xander, “Are all your designs like this?”

    Xander paused, his pen stopping in mid–air. He nced up at Mnie. “Business fairs are all about money, aren’t they?”

    Mnieughed. “You’re pretty practical.”

    All of a sudden, she heard something. It sounded like some parts falling off.

    Mnie blinked and looked up in a daze. The next second, she heard Xander barking, “Move!”

    Mnie was so shocked that she was a second toote to react. Therge wooden frame came crashing down toward her head!

    At the veryst moment, an arm wrapped around her waist. Xander pulled her away just before the frame struck her.

    Mnie stared at the shattered wooden frame, deeply shaken. Xander pulled his arm back after putting her down.

    He frowned at the forlorn pieces of the frame, saying to Mnie in a low voice, “I’m sorry, I forgot to tell you that the frame was only temporarily suspended up there. It could have fallen at any time.”

    They were still in the early stages of setting up the exhibition hall, so most of the decor was not permanently fixed in ce.

    Although Mnie was startled, she had not been hurt, so she said, “It’s okay.”

    When she turned around, however, she saw a scratch on Xander’s right forearm. He had probably been scraped by the corner of the wooden frame when he saved her just now.

    Mnie’s brow furrowed as she rummaged in her bag for an alcohol wipe. “Xander, you’re hurt.”

    Xander looked down at the wound on his forearm, his expression unchanging. He nodded and continued to move therge wooden frame away.

    Mnie’s attention was trained on his bleeding wound. As he strained his muscles to lift the frame, more blood seeped out.

    Even so, Xander seemedpletely unfazed. He simply put down the wooden frame and continued to sketch in his notebook.

    Mnie waited for him to finish writing before she said softly, “Xander, you should go to the hospital and get your wound bandaged.”

    Fortunately, there was a clinic nearby<i>, </i>and the cut on Xander’s forearm was long but not deep. They left the clinic after the nurses disinfected his wound and applied some medicine to it. Mnie had warned Xander about the risk of tetanus, but Xander said he was allergic to the shots and that he had medicine at home.

    Who would just casually keep some tetanus medication at home? Mnie asked, “Do you get hurt a lot?”

    Xander replied, “I bump into stuff when I carry things around. It’s inevitable.”

    By the time they were done, it was alreadyte in the afternoon.

    Xander rushed back to the exhibition hall, and Mnie went back to the hotel on her own.

    The weather was a little overcast today, and it was rush hour now. It was past dinner time when she finally got back to the hotel.

    Mnie went back to her room. She did not notice it when she was outside, but once she returned to the hotel, she felt physically and especially mentally exhausted.

    She closed the door and took off her clothes, stepping into the shower.

    The hot water washed away her fatigue.

    Mnie rested in the bathroom for a while before going out. However, the moment she stepped out of the bathroom, she saw Eugene sitting calmly on the sofa.

    The door was hanging open. Did she not close it tightly enough?

    Mnie stopped in her tracks. “What are you doing here?”

    There was no emotion on Eugene’s face. His eyes were slightly cold as he looked at Mnie, almost as if he was appraising an item.

    After a while, he said quietly, “Were you in such a hurry to take a shower because you were worried about being found out?”

 ###Chapter 93

    “Yeah.” Eugene continued to hold Mine’s gaze.

    Mnie came back to her senses. Her eyes were red and her face was pale. When she met Eugene’s gaze, she paused for a moment before turning around and walking into the

    bathroom.

    As soon as she locked the bathroom door behind her, Mnie braced herself against the sink, fighting for her breath. She could vaguely hear Eugene’s voice. Mnie looked at her reflection in the mirror.

    The whole situation was utterly absurd.

    “You slept with me countless times before“… How could he summarize their eight–year rtionship like that?

    Mnie suddenly raised her hand and pped herself hard on the face. She did not hold back her strength, and the tears already pricking at her eyes immediately began to flow.

    Two dropsnded on the back of her hand. They were hot..

    When she went out into the room again, Eugene was gone and the door was wide open.

    Mnie stood rooted to the ground for a moment before walking over to close the door. Only then did she slowly return to her bed to rest. ?

    There was still work to be done the next morning. Mnie did not sleep well that night. When she got up, her face was haggard and pale.

    She tidied up briefly and left the room, only to bump into Evelyn in the elevator.

    Evelyn paused when she saw Mnie. The next moment, she scowled and mocked Mnie, saying, “Miss Smith, are you really going to meet the client looking like that? You look like something the cat dragged in!”

    Mnie had already put on some makeup, so she was not as pale as she was in the morning. Even so, there was no hiding her pallidplexion.

    Mnie was too mentally exhausted to argue with Evelyn. She pursed her lips and walked to the lobby.

    Eugene was already there. He nced at Mnie with a frown.

    “No employee of LeapCo should meet a client looking like that.” Evelyn’s sharp voice followed behind.

    Mnie swallowed and said quickly, her voice hoarse, “I’m sorry. I’m not feeling well today, so

    Before she could finish that sentence, Eugene cut her off. “Get a substitute driver,” he said.

    Mnie looked up. Eugene’s tone was t. “Can you still drive in your condition?“.

    /

    Mnie was more than happy to pawri off some of her work. Once she got into the passenger seat, she leaned her head against the window to rest.

    For some reason, though, the traffic that morning was terrible. As Mnie leaned against the

    window and listened to the honking of angry horns outside, she started to feel a little sleepy.

    Eventually, the voices in the back seat disappeared into the distance. Mnie’s eyelids became so heavy that she could not keep her eyes open.

    She only woke up with a start when there was a knock on the car window.

    The standstill traffic outside the window was gone. They had arrived at the entrance of the branchpany.

    Outside the window, Eugene knocked on the ss again expressionlessly. Mnie slowly opened the door and got out of the car.

    Eugene nced at her. “You sure were sound asleep.”

    Mnie massaged her temples. “Sorry.“.

    “That’s all you ever say,” Eugene scoffed.

    Mnie lowered her head and said nothing as she followed Eugene inside.

    Upstairs, Evelyn was waiting in the lounge, a ss of water in her hand. She looked at Eugene, a little dissatisfied. “What took you so long?”

    “I had to take a call,” Eugene said.

    Evelyn did not dare to ask further either. She nodded and picked up the documents on the table. “Are we going to the conference room?”

    Mnie stayed where she was. Eugene would probably take Evelyn to the meetingter.

    However, Eugene nced at Evelyn emotionlessly and said, “You shouldn’t attend the meeting today. I’ll take Mnie.”

    Evelyn blinked. After that, she frowned and opened her mouth to protest.

    However, Eugene had already snatched the documents from her hands, throwing them into Mnie’s arms instead. He looked at Mnie coldly. “Do you need me to carry you to the conference room?”

 ###Chapter 94

    Mnie frowned as she gathered up the documents in her arms.

    Evelyn watched from the side, looking ill at ease. She could not help but snort. “Miss Smith, I advise you to touch up your makeup before you go to the meeting. After all, you’ll be representing LeapCo.”

    Mnie had just taken a short nap, so her mind was clearer now. She nced at Evelyn. ” Thank you for your concern, Miss Shue, but that’s none of your business.”

    Eugene had saidst night that Evelyn was not an employee at thepany, so it was not her ce to worry about LeapCo’s image.

    Evelyn had been by Eugene’s side for the past two days, and she had gotten used to Mnie staying silent. Now that Mnie suddenly decided to talk back to her, she narrowed her eyes and said sarcastically,

    “Aren’t you getting a little carried away, Miss Smith? You skipped work yesterday and fell asleep this morning. How can yourself Eugene’s secretary?”

    She emphasized the word “secretary“. Mnie frowned and was about to retort when Eugene interrupted them coldly. “Evelyn.”

    His voice held a strong hint of warning. Evelyn looked extremely reluctant to let it go, but she did not continue pursuing the subject.

    Once they entered the conference room, Eugene became even more distant. He sat down at the head of the table and looked at Walden. “I hope you came prepared today.”

    Walden quickly took out a file. “Yes, I have the previous ns and the report you wanted right here, sir.”

    Walden’s seat was far away from Eugene’s, so he passed the file to Mnie, who then handed it to Eugene.

    When she held out the file, Eugene reached out to take it. Mnie’s fingertips were cold, and the moment they brushed against Eugene’s warm skin, she immediately pulled her hand back as if she had been scalded.

    The meeting was pretty much the sarne as before. The executives discussed how to handle the destructivepetition posed by their business rivals. Mnie recorded the meeting minutes while digging up all the data that Eugene needed whenever he asked for it.

    All else aside, Mnie had a thorough understanding of Eugene’s work habits at least.

    Unlikest time, the meeting went smoothly today. Just as it was about to end, though,

    Walden suddenly asked, “Mr/Scott, Mr. Worne’s position is currently empty. Should we recruit someone new, or will you be sending someone from HQ?”

    Worne was the traitor who sold thepany’s data to a rival. Now that he had been fired, his position was naturally empty.

    However, Walden was,not sure what to do next.

    Eugene paused. “I’ll think about it.”

    He got up and left the room, Mnie hot on his heels.

    As they turned around the corner, Eugene suddenly stopped and turned to Mnie. “Do you want to stay in Prime City?<i>” </i>

    Mnie was silent for a moment before asking, “Do you want me to stay?”

    Although Prime City was a pleasant ce, it was very far away from Jepton.

    Mnie shook her head after barely a second’s hesitation. “No, my grandfather is still in Jepton. I can’t stay here.”

    Eugene raised his brows casually. “Are you sure?”

    Mnie was sure, of course, but Eugene did not bring up the subject again. Mnie could not help but feel a little anxious.

    She could not figure out what Eugene was thinking. What if he really made her stay in Prime City?

    Her grandfather was alone in Jepton. Mnie could not stay away from him for too long. 1

    With those thoughts swirling in her mind, Mnie followed Eugene back to the lounge.

    Evelyn was still waiting for them there, her phone in her hand. She looked up and greeted Eugene.

    Mnie ced the files on the table and tried to organize them, but Evelyn put down her phone and smirked at her. “Miss Smith, could I trouble you to get me a ss of water?”

    The water dispenser was right next to Mnie, so she did not think much of it. She just got up to get Evelyn some water.

    “I want it hot,” Evelyn said as sheined to Eugene. “The air conditioner in the lounge is on full st. I was freezing waiting here for you.”

    Mnie poured the water and handed Evelyn the cup. Evelyn stood up to take it while still acting pitiful in front of Eugene.

 ###Chapter 95

    Evelyn had a manicure with diamonds and sequins on her nails.

    As she reached for the ss of water, the sequins on her nails somehow flipped just enough to slice open Mnie’s fingertip.

    Mnie winced and let go almost instantly. The moment she let go, Evelyn did the same, but not before she tipped the ss over. The hot water spilled onto Mnie’s hand, making her gasp in pain.

    She instinctively wanted to scream, but she gritted her teeth through the pain out of sheer habit. Even so, her forehead was drenched in a cold sweat, and there were tears of pain in the corners of her eyes.

    Mnie’s lips were white and her brow was deeply furrowed. Her right hand was bright red from her wrist to her knuckles.

    Eugene jumped to his feet instantly and strode over to Mnie, lifting her elbow. His voice was low and authoritative. “We’re going to the hospital right now!”

    Mnie’s skin was fair, so the hot red welts stood out like a sore thumb.

    She could not say anything right now, so she allowed Eugene to lift her elbow and slowly lead her out of the office.

    Fortunately, Mnie had just been to the small clinic behind the branchpany building.

    Even so, the burns on her hand were frighteningly red and swollen by the time they got there. There were even a couple of blisters on her wrist.

    Eugene stared at the female doctor who was treating Mnie’s wound, his voice deep and solemn. “Can you treat her? If you’re not sure, tell me now.”

    The doctor held the cotton swab, frowning at his attitude. “What, do you think you can do better than me?”

    Mnie’s hand was still scalding hot. She could not speak, so she just looked up at Eugene and implored him to stay quiet.

    Eugene’s expression turned cold. He looked at Mnie for a moment before saying, “If anything goes wrong, don’t me it on thepany.”

    With that, he stormed out of the clinic.

    Although Mnie had sustained burns on arge part of her hand, she received treatment quickly enough for there to be nosting effects.

    Nevertheless, the doctor wrapped her hand in a thinyer of gauze.

    The only thing that really hurt was the wound on her ring finger where Evelyn’s nail had cut her. The hot water had scalded the open wound, and the skin around the cut was now pale. It was a little gruesome to look at.

    <i>/ </i>

    Once the bandages were settled, Mnie left the doctor’s office. She had expected Eugene to be back at thepany by now, but he was still sitting in the waiting room.

    Mnie stopped in her tracks for a while before walking over, her expression perfectly normal.

    Eugene watched her walk out, his gaze trained on her hand.

    A momentter, he said, “Thepany will reimburse the expenses. Since this is a work injury, you’ll bepensated.”

    Mnie raised a brow. “And what about Evelyn?

    “I know she did it on purpose.”

    Eugene frowned slowly. “Do you have any proof?”

    Mnie lowered her eyes. She had none.

    Eugene looked at her, his expressionplicated. After a moment of silence, he said, “If you don’t have any proof, don’t mention it. I willpensate you at the highest rate possible.”

    Mnie did not like what she was hearing. “Are you covering for her?”

    Eugene’s expression turned slightly cold. “Mnie, you have no proof.”

    Mnie’s bandaged hand still hurt. The pain from the cut on her fingertip seemed to shoot directly to her heart.

    Mnie tugged at the corners of her mouth and asked Eugene self–deprecatingly, “Would you be so impartial if Vi had been the one who was scalded?”

    Eugene looked at her impatiently. “Why are you even asking a question like that? What’s the point?”

 ###Chapter 96

    Mnie remained rooted to the spot for a moment before she slowly nodded. “I see.”

    She did not say anything else. Her lips were bloodless, and her gaze on Eugene gradually

    turned calm.

    Mnie pursed her lips and said in a dry voice, “Sorry, I was overthinking.”

    Eugene looked down at his phone and did notment.

    A momentter, he looked up and asked, “Do you need me to send you back?”

    He initially had other ns for the night, but Mnie was hurt. She had to go back to the hotel

    to rest.

    Mnie knew what Eugene was like. If he really wanted to send her back to the hotel, he would not have asked like that.

    She moved her injured hand and said quietly, “No, I can call a cab.”

    Eugene was about to say something when his phone rang. He nced down and frowned.

    Mnie looked at his expression, stood still for a moment, then tactfully left.

    She was not feeling well, so she walked very slowly. When she turned the corner, there was a bus stop, where she sat down to wait.

    This was a business park, so everyone drove their personal cars here. Mnie was in no hurry to call a taxi. She sat on the bench and watched the cars pass by quietly.

    She had been too impulsive, and she thought too highly of herself. She kept thinking that Eugene had not.changed.

    At the end of the day, however, everybody changes with time.

    It was almost five o’clock by the time Mnie got back to the hotel. Before she could even sit down, she received a call from Dn.

    Dn had been contacting her very oftentely. Thinking back to her own conjecture, Mnie took her phone to the balcony. There were some things she wanted to ask her mother.

    However, when the call went through, it was not Dn’s voice on the other side at all.

    “Are you Dn Lancaster’s daughter?” asked a man bluntly. His voice was impatient and rough.

    Mnie’s face hardened. “Who are you?”

    “I’m her man! Your mother owes me 100,000 dors. Time for you to pay up!”

    Mnie’s hand trembled around her phone. Her voice was cold with anger as she said, “Put her on the phone.”

    The man snorted. “She took that good–for–hing waste of money to the hospital. Your name is Mnie, right? As her daughter, you should pay for your mother’s debt. Hurry up, I’m in a rush!”

    Mnie calmed down. “She’s your wife now, and Peachie is your daughter. If she’s spending

    your money on your daughter’s medical fees, I don’t consider that a debt.”

    “Shut your trap! She’s the one who gave birth to that piece of trash, and now they’re burning through my savings!” There was no talking sense to the man. He just kept raising his voice.” I’m not gonna waste my breath on you. Dn said that you’re raking in the money, aren’t you? If you don’t pay up, I’ll go to her old man instead! Maybe the old man should pay for his daughter’s debt!”

    The moment the man mentioned her grandfather, Mnie’s expression contorted even further.

    Her grandfather was a lifelong educator with perfect manners, and his heart was weak now that he was older. If he was subjected to this man’s shameless ranting, he might actually burst a blood vessel.

    The man on the other endunched into another tirade of curses when Mnie did not reply for a while. Annoyed, Mnie hung up on him.

    However, the man’s moring voice continued to echo in her ears. Mnie was worried that he might actually go through with his threat, but she did not know how to break the news to her grandfather.

    Although her grandfather had not mentioned anything about his daughter all these years, Mnie had identally stumbled across him staring dazedly at her mother’s photo a few times.

    Mnie pinched the space between her eyebrows. No matter what, Dn was still her mother.

    Even though she had not done much as a mother, Mnie could still remember the sight of Dn cooking in the kitchen every day when she came home from school, back when Mnie was much younger.

    Back then, Dn would bring Mnie a te of cut fruits whenever she heard her daughtering in through the door. She would gently tell the girl, “Wait a minute, okay? Dinner will be ready soon.”

 ###Chapter 97

    Mnie’s thoughts began to drift into the past. She sat on the sofa in a daze for a while before she remembered to call Stephen, asking him to visit her grandfather on her behalf for a while. Stephen agreed without a question, putting Mnie’s heart a little more at ease.

    “I’m really sorry to trouble you with this, Stephen.”

    “It’s nothing. As it happens, my mother has a follow–up exam at the sanatorium tomorrow.” Stephen was not particrly bothered. Instead, he changed the subject and asked Mnie, ” So, what do you think of Xander?”

    Mnie told him her honest thoughts. “He’s very nice.‘

    Stephenughed. “That’s good to hear. Xander is very good to his friends.”

    Now that her right hand was injured, many things became quite inconvenient for Mnie. She could not possibly find anyone else to help her, either, so she had to do everything slowly.

    When she went downstairs the next morning, she identally stumbled across Eugene and Evelyn.

    Neither of them looked happy with each other. Mnie paused before stepping forward and asking Eugene, “Can I take the day off?”

    Eugene nced at her bandaged hand. “Does it still hurt?”

    There was no emotion in his voice when he spoke, as if he was simply asking about his subordinate’s well–being for formality’s sake.

    Mnie lowered her gaze. “Yes, the burns are starting to itch. I want to go to the hospital and get it checked again.

    Eugene nced at her bandaged hand for a moment before nodding. “Very well.”

    Mnie asked the receptionist to call her a taxi and waited at the door. The moment she stepped out of the hotel, Evelyn asked Eugene with barely suppressed anger, “Are you going to disobey Aunt Ste now?”

    Eugene’s dark eyes stared at her coldly. “Evelyn, there’s nothing I hate more than people who overstep their boundaries. I let you tag along out of respect for Ms. Turner, but I won’t let you interfere in mypany and my personal affairs.”

    Evelyn’s face paled. She tried to exin, but Eugene was already walking away.

    He took two steps away before stopping and turning to look at Evelyn. “Never contact my mother on your own again, and stop following me while you’re at it. You’re annoying.”

    With that, Eugene walked away, leaving Evelyn swaying on her feet.

    Meanwhile, Mnie got into a taxi at the hotel entrance and headed straight for a medium – sized hospital nearby.

    The swelling on her hand had not subsided much. The doctor changed her dressing and did not bandage it again. He only told her to be careful with it for a while.

    She waited in the corridor for the medicine to be absorbed into her skin before leaving.

    3

    Coincidentally, as soon as she left the doctor’s department, she bumped into Xander in the main hall.

    Xander was also holding a hospital registration form in his hand. The two of them paused for a moment when they saw each other.

    Mnie spoke first. “Why are you at the hospital again?”

    “My wound became swollen and inmed, so I had to get it bandaged again,” Xander said with a frown. He looked a little unwell.

    Mnie raised her arm. “My hand is swollen too.”

    As it turned out, that little clinic’s diagnosis was not to be trusted. Xander’s infection was much worse than Mnie’s. Mnie stood by his side as the doctor changed his bandages.

    Once they were done, she finally asked him, “Why didn’t youe to the hospital if you were feeling unwell yesterday?”

    Xander said, “I was too busy yesterday to feel anything.”

    “You were too busy?” Mnie nced at Xander’s wound. It was also near his wrist.

    “Yeah,” Xander said. “My assistant suddenly had an emergency and went back to her hometown. She couldn’t get a recement at thest minute.”

    As he said that, he tilted his head back. Mnie could see the dark circles under his eyes. Suddenly, Xander raised his handsome brows at Mnie. “Do you want to give it a try?”

 ###Chapter 98

    Mnie took a second to understand what he meant. She frowned and said hesitantly, “I don’t think I can…‘

    “Why not?” Xander straightened up. “Didn’t you want to learn how to set up an exhibition too?”

    Mnie’s fingers curled slightly, and she looked down at her bandaged forearm. “I hurt my hand. I might not be able to help you.”

    She wanted to exin, but Xander said nonchntly, “I have plenty of handymen. Besides, I’m just asking if you want to be my trainee for a bit. Do you really think this is something you can master in a day or two?”

    Mnie shook her head. “I just don’t want to cause you any more trouble.‘

    Xander said, “How much trouble can you be?”

    His attitude did convince Mnie a little. She knew perfectly well that an opportunity to learn from Xander was rare and precious indeed.

    After agreeing to Xander’s request, Mnie remembered she had the rest of the day off. Since she had nothing to do in the afternoon, she followed Xander to his studio.

    Xander brought her inside, and they immediately saw a bunch of young people arguing over something: When they saw that Xander was back, they immediately fell quiet and greeted him. “Boss, you’re back!”

    Xander looked back at Mnie. “Sit wherever you want.”

    Mnie looked around. The entire room was filled with junk. Aside from a table in the far corner, there was nowhere else for her to sit.

    The young people in the room were rather surprised to see Mnié. A girl in sses sized up Mnie for a moment before she gasped and asked Xander, “Boss, since when did you have a mistress?”

    “I had no idea either!” a boy in a checkered shirt chimed in excitedly.

    Xander could not be bothered to waste his breath on their nonsense. Instead, he just nced at them and picked up a design draft from the table. “What were you guys doing just now?”

    As soon as the topic switched to work, the two young people immediately became serious. The girl said in sses, “I think the previous proposal was better with marble, both in terms of esthetics and practicality.”

    The boy in the shirt wailed, “Reny Quark, what is your definition of practicality? Do you have any idea how much marble will inte the budget?!”

    Mnie found their argument fascinating, and she instinctively moved a little closer.

    Unexpectedly, the boy in the shirt became more and more agitated as he spoke. He raised his hand and waved it around, almost hitting Mnie.

    “Oliver!” Xander barked suddenly.

    Oliver froze, turning around to see Mnie not far behind him.

    Mnie had not expected Xander to shout at Oliver like that. Embarrassed, she apologized softly, “I’m sorry. Am I in the way?”

    Xander ced his hands on the table. His cor was slightly up, revealing a glimpse of the crystal pendant around his neck.

    He looked at Mnie. “Come over here. You can listen in from here.”

    After the discussion, the team headed out for dinner. Mnie did not n to join them, so she told Xander she would take a cab back to the hotel.

    It waste by the time she got to the hotel. Mnie put her phone on the bedside table and went to wash up.

    When she came out of the bathroom, she saw a bunch of messages on her phone.

    Sure enough, it was Simon who was spamming the group, inviting everyone out for a weekend getaway. He even tagged Eugene multiple times.

    Mnie nced at her screen and turned off the app.

    To her surprise, however, she found Simon downstairs the next day.

    Simon was just as surprised to see her. He raised his eyebrows and walked over to greet her.” So you’re here too?”

    Mnie’s expression did not change. “I’m here on business.”

    Simon clicked his tongue. “Why does Eugene keep taking you out on business trips? Doesn’t he ever get tired of it?”

    He was a typical rich young master who had a beautiful new model on his arm every week. As a result, he could not understand why Eugene would choose to take Mnie along every time he went on a business trip.

    Then again, that was not something he could ask Mnie. “Where’s Eugene?”

    “I don’t know,” Mnie said.

    It was the truth. She really did not know where Eugene was. After all, she had not seen him since yesterday morning.

 ###Chapter 99

    Simon frowned at Mnie. “Mnie, why are you giving me that attitude first thing in the morning?”

    “I was just answering your question,” Mnie said evenly.

    Even so, Simon did not like Mnie’s tone. He kept bugging her until even she began to lose her patience.

    She said despite herself, “If you’re looking for him, you can just call him! Why are you asking me? I’m not his nanny. It’s not like I know what he’s doing at any given time.”

    Simon did not expect Mnie to blow up at him like that. Anger crept onto his face.

    Just as he was about to blow up, he saw someone standing behind Mnie. Simon raised his

    <ul>

    <li>hand and called out, “Eugene.”</li>

    </ul>

    Mnie stiffened. She then heard Eugene’s deep voiceing from behind her.

    “Why are you here?”

    “Jepton was boring, so I came to Prime City.”

    Mnie stood frozen until Eugene’s voice rang in her ears. “Are you that eager to quit?”

    The scent of cedar on him was cold and distant. Mnie pursed her lips and said nothing.

    She did want to leave LeapCo, but she still had to settle Dn’s matters and pay for Peachie’s medical fees.

    No matter what, Peachie was still her sister. There was no way Mnie could just let her die.

    She had to worry about her grandfather’s health, too.

    Mnie’s mind was a mess because of what Eugene had said, but she was the one who said she wanted to resign. There was no way she could go back on her word.

    Mnie closed her eyes and felt her heart racing.

    Eugene took her silence as tacit agreement.

    He scoffed and lowered his head slightly, his voice low and hoarse in Mnie’s ear. “Have you found your next sucker already?”

    Mnie straightened her back and enunciated each word firmly. “No. You’re overthinking things.”

    Eugene snorted. “And here I thought Stephen had already taken care of everything for you.” Mnie took a breath, turned, and looked directly at Eugene.

    It was only then that she realized how close they were. Eugene’s body was almost brushing against hers.

    As soon as Mnie turned around, she was surrounded by Eugene’s presence.

    She could even hear Eugene’s steady, powerful heartbeat.

    He was tall and imposing, so much so that Mnie had to raise her head to meet his eyes.

    hapter 99

    212

    Mnie clenched her right hand. “Eugene, don’t go too far.”

    “I’m going too far?” Eugene narrowed his eyes and looked down at Mnie. “Do you hate it when I mention Stephen? Or are you actually with the man from that day?”

    “Eugene, shut up!” Mnie was trembling. She slowly closed her eyes and could barely speak. “Eugene, can you stop saying things like that?”

    Her heart was not made of steel. His words stung her deeply too.

    Just then, she heard a child’sughtering from behind her. The next second, Mnie felt someone bump into her waist and her body fell forward uncontrobly.

    Eugene was right in front of her.

    Someone caught her firmly by the waist, and Mnie pressed herself against Eugene’s chest.

    He grunted as her forehead collided with his chin, his grip tightening around her waist.

    The child’s parents were apologizing profusely behind her. Mnie had fallen right onto Eugene’s chest.

    She could feel the way his chest rose and fell with every breath, and his mocking voice resonated deep in his body. “Oh? Are you trying to seduce me again because you can’t find your next stop?”

 ###Chapter 100

    hapter 100

    “Eugene?”

    Mnie was about to say something when she heard Vi’s voice.

    She looked up and saw Vi standing not far away, holding her suitcase. She was staring at them, her face pale as a sheet.

    Eugene also seemed surprised to see Vi. He paused, let Mnie go, and walked up to Vi’s side. “Why are you here?” he asked her softly.

    “I…” Vi looked at Mnie and then at Eugene. Her eyes were red as she choked, “I happened to be on leave, so I wanted toe over and visit you! But…”

    She grabbed Eugene’s shirt tightly, ncing at Mnie from time to time as if she had been deeply hurt.

    Simon interjected, “When I said I was dropping by yesterday, Vi immediately said she wanted toe with me.”

    He then teased his friend with a grin, “Aren’t you happy, Eugene? It’s such a nice surprise. Your girlfriend came all the way here to visit you.”

    Eugene did not reply. He just took the suitcase from Vi’s hand, his tone was low and gentle as he said, “Come on, I’ll take you upstairs. You should get some rest.”

    Vi’s eyes were still red as she stared at Eugene.

    Eugene paused for a moment before saying slowly, “I’ll exin upstairs.”

    The atmosphere was perfectly warm and lovey–dovey. It was as if they hadpletely forgotten that Mnie was there.

    It was only when Vi passed by her and said hi in a muffled voice that she realized what had happened.

    Mnie watched as Eugene kindly carried Vi’s suitcase for her. All of a sudden, her wrist hurt.

    It was probably because she had instinctively resisted when she fell into Eugene’s arms just now. She had ced her hand on his chest.

    Vi was here now, so Mnie assumed that Eugene would take Vi with him for the rest of the day. It was what he usually did.

    To Mnie’s surprise, however, Eugene called her down at lunchtime.

    “Hi, Mnie.” Vi was still smiling sweetly. Upon closer inspection, though, Mnie noticed that she had a lightyer of makeup on her face. She was wearing expensive jewelry too, making her look that much more mature.

    From the looks of things, Eugene had probably exined everything to her as well.

    Mnie did not see Eugene anywhere, so she asked Vi, “Is Eugene not here?”

    “He went outside to answer a call.” Vi studied Mnie, an unmistakable look of probing in her eyes.

    Mnie did not have much to say to her. She pretended not to notice Vi’s continued to scroll through her phone.

    gaze and

    However, Vi seemed to have something to say to her. She called out softly to Mnie, who looked up.

    “Can I help you, Vi?”

    “It’s about Eugene.” Vi lowered her head and paused before continuing, “Has he been doing well while he’s been here?”

    Mnie looked at her. She knew what Vi was implying.

    She wanted to know if Eugene had met any other women while he was away from her.

    -More precisely, she wanted to know if anything had happened between Eugene and Mnie.

    Mnie was expressionless as she said, “It would be better if you just asked him.”

    Vi was a little embarrassed, but she tried to cover for herself. “Oh, I’m sure he would’ve told me if anything happened.”

    That was what she said, but her gaze was transfixed on Mnie.

    She was obviously very suspicious of Mnie.

    Mnie lowered her gaze and was about to say something when she saw Eugeneing into the lobby from outside.

    His gazended on Mnie for a moment before he frowned. “Haven’t you called for the car yet?”

    “Mnie just came down not too long ago. She probably didn’t have the time.” Vi immediately hooked her arm around Eugene’s and spoke up for Mnie in a soft voice.

    Eugene said without much emotion, “If we follow her timing, we’ll surely bete.”

    Mnie’s hand froze. Actually, she was supposed to be on medical leave today, but Eugene seemed to have forgotten.

    She pursed her lips and did not say anything. She merely followed him to the branch office.

    Walden was already waiting at the door. When he saw Eugene, he smiled and weed them. ” Mr. Scott, Miss Shue is already waiting inside.”

    It was only when he said that that Mnie realized she had not seen Evelyn around today. She had just assumed that Evelyn was at the hotel.

    Eugene walked inside without saying anything.

    Vi followed beside Mnie and asked quietly, “Mnie, who’s Miss Shue?”

    Who else could it be?

    The words were on the tip of her tongue, but Mnie just said, “It’s our business partner.” Vi let out a small sigh of relief. Before she could properly rx, though, she saw Evelyn waiting in the conference room.

    Evelyn nced at Vi, then shifted her gaze directly to Mnie. “I’m surprised to see you at work for once, Miss Smith.”

    Mnie’s hand injury was not fully healed yet. Although she was wary of Evelyn now, she still maintained a calm appearance on the surface. She ced the files in front of Eugene and said, ” I’m Mr. Scott’s secretary, after all. This is my job.”

    Evelyn scoffed. “Most people can’t afford a secretary like

    Mnie knew what she was insinuating, but Vi did not.

    you.<i>” </i>

    After looking at Mnie and Evelyn suspiciously, Vi walked over to Eugene. Her voice was warm and sweet. “Eugene, I don’t want to disturb you while you’re working. I’ll wait for you outside.”

    Eugene raised his eyebrows slightly and handed her a document. “There’s no need for that.” He then looked at Mnie and said expressionlessly, “You. Get out.”