###Chapter 1.

Talia's pov


It felt like my lungs was gonna burn up from the inside, but I couldn't stop. I can't let them get me! I'm sure it will be my end if I do! I have to press on, this is my last change to get away from that hell.

My entire body is hurting and aching so bad from all my injuries but I just can't stop. I need to keep going. I can't take another beating from them! I don't understand why they always do this to me.

What have I ever done to deserve to live like this? I have always done my best to please them! But nothing I do is good enough! I have been planning this escape for a few weeks now, so I can't give up.


I took a good grip around the strap over my shoulder, pulling my backpack tighter to me. I look around and see I have come closer to the city. I just need to get on a buss and get away from here,hopefully they will never find me again.


But I need a break, my legs won't carry me any longer without a little break. I feel I'm about to pass out from exhaustion, I starts to stumble over my own feet and suddenly I see a car coming straight for me and tires are screeching on the road.


I see some people rush out of the car towards me before everything turn black and I can't keep my eyes open any longer.

(A few hours earlier)

I'm currently making dinner for my mother, stepsister and step father.I know they will come home very soon, so I have to hurry to get it all done.I have already packed my backpack with all my valuables.

Not that I have a lot, but the few things I do have, the things I got from
the one person that actually cared for me! I miss him! He had to move 4years ago and after that I have been stuck here more or less without anyone.

I hid the backpack in a bush a little further down the road, so when I make my escape tonight. I have to hurry to grab it, then get away from here. I hear a car stop outside and I hurry up plating their dinner and place it on the diner table and stand ready to greet them when they open the door.

"I hope for your sake that the food is done!" Gregor walked inside and gave me a smirk. I kept my eyes down on the floor and gave a small nod and Gregor, my mother Bianca and my step sister Scarlette walked past me and Scarlette pushed me hard when she passed me.

They sat down at the table and started to eat the food, while having a conversation with each other. Smiling, talking about their day and acting like I'm not even here.

"Get me a beer slut!" Gregor commanded. I quickly and quietly walked to the kitchen got a beer for him and walked back out to them, then placed the beer on the table next to him.

He looked at the beer then at me then the beer again. Suddenly I got a hard slap to my face. "You think I can drink of it when you haven't even bothered to open it?" he sneered.

I quickly took the beer and open it before placing it back on the table. You see nothing I do is good enough, if I had opened it before he would have giving me a slap for open his drink without his permission, if I don't open it I get slapped for not do it.

I silently moved back a little keeping my gaze on the floor. A little later my dear mother spoke up, "Give me a glass of red wine!" She screeched.I quietly walked to the kitchen found a wine glass and a bottle of her
favorite red wine.

I walked into the dining room, put the glass on the table and open the wine and filled her glass. Then I left the bottle on the table before stepping back. They finished their dinner then stood up.

"Clean up this mess bitch!" Scarlette said before walking out of the room and headed upstairs. I started to take the stuaff of the table as quietly as I could, but I accidently made a little noise and suddenly I got a fist into my stomach.

"WE HAVE TOLD YOU TO NEVER MAKE A SOUND" Gregor shouted.He then pulled my hair and dragged me to a little more open area where he started to beat me up, kick me and then he lifted me up and tossed me into the wall.

"When we get down tomorrow all this better be cleaned up!If we hear one single noice you will get taught a new lesson!" Gregor said angry before he and my dear mother walked up to the second floor.

I let a single tear run down the side of my face, before I carefully stood up.
I waited a few hours before I even dared to move, so I had just been standing there straight up and down.

When I were sure they had gone to their rooms and gone to bed, I very carefully walked to the door before closing it carefully behind me. I walked silently over to where I have hid my backpack then I started running like crazy towards the city.


This is my only chance to get away from here! I just need to get to the city,get on a bus to some random place then I can treat my wounds from today's beating. My body is a color chart of black, blue, purple, red,yellow and green due to all the bruises.

Some new, some starting to heal and some starting to form. This is how it
have been for as long as I can remember. I have not been allowed to make a single noise, if I do I get a beating.

I have to make their food or I get a beating, if they catch me eating something I get a beating. It have been so many times I have prayed that I would never wake up the next day.

But for some reason, I always wake up and have to keep this shit going.But today is the last day, I have finally taken the step to get away. I had to save enough money so I could be able to get away.
###Chapter 2.

Kayden Miller's pov.

Everything happened so fast. In one second me and my parents were on our way home to the hotell from a business dinner my dad had to attend.The next we see a girl stumble on the sidewalk about to collapse.


Our driver stopped the car and me, mom and dad run out of the car towards her. I catch her right before she falls to the ground, and close her eyes. "Oh my god, what happened to her?" My mom asked in shock and almost on the verge of tears covering her mouth with her hands.

I carefully turn the tiny girl in my arms and see she have been beating pretty bad, and dad check her pulse "we need to take her to the hospital right away" he said sternly.

Dad gently took her backpack off her, and I carefullypicked up the girl and held her bridal style in my arms, then walked fast over to the car, I got in and had her resting on my lap. This poor girl looks almost like skin and bones.


Mom checked her pockets to see if we could find an id of her on her,while dad checked her backpack. Dad found her wallet,then took out her id. "Okay I found it, let see if I can get a hold of her parents." he said started to tap on his phone.

"Wait, don't" I said almost frantic. Mom and dad both looked at me questionable, "why not Kayden?" Dad asked sternly raising one eyebrow."What if they are the ones who did this to her?" I asked looking down at the poor girl on my lap resting her head on my shoulder.

I don't want to send her back to someone that treat their kids like this. I look up to see both my mom and dad look at me with a sorry look on their face. "What?" I asked confused.
"It's not like you to care what happens to others!" Dad said with a small smile on his lips. I just closed my eyes for a second and internally rolled my eyes at them.

Not long after we reached a hospital. Dad talked to a doctor and explained how we came across this girl and how she passed out. Some other doctors came and wanted to pick the girl out of my arms but I didn't want to let her go!

"Sir, we need to get her checked out, please give her to me!" The doctor said looking down at the girl with a worried look. I looked down at her as well,for some reason I just didn't want to part with her!

"Son let them check her, we will wait here until we know more!" Dad said putting a hand on my shoulder and give me a light squeeze. I nodded and handed over the girl to the doctor.

I saw the doctor place her on a bed, then they started running down the hall with her to check her out, disappear though some doors. I just stood there looking at the doors the girl just was rushed through.

"Come on honey, let's sit down and wait. The police is also on their way and want to have a talk with us." Mom said putting an arm around me guiding me towards some chairs.

"Did you learned her name?" I whispered just looking at the floor in front of me. "Yes, son, her name is Talia Collins" dad said quietly sitting on one side of me and my mother on the other.

I just sat there switching looking between the floor in front of me and the door Talia was take through. Talia... What a sweet name to a sweet girl."She is 17 years old" Dad said. "What? 17? she looks so small for her age!"mom gasped out covering her mouth.

After a little two police officers came into the hospital and a nurse by the
reception desk pointed towards us and then the police officers walked over to us. "Are you the ones that brought in the girl?" One of the officers asked sternly.

Me, mom and Dad stood up and dad gave a stern look back and the officers started to look a little scared. "Yes, we did, and this is her id we found in her backpack." Dad said sternly giving the id to one of the officers.

The officer took the id and walked away a little then made a call."Can you please tell us what happen?" The officer still standing with us asked.Dad and mom both explained everything how we came across Talia.

I just stood there looking at the door waiting for any news from the doctor.
But I did listen to the conversation my parents and the officer is having.The other officer came back to us and cleared his throat.

"It's good you guys didn't call the parents. It have been a lot of complaints from neighbors around saying it's always a lot of shouting and stuff getting smashed around in that house.

"Oh my god" mom said cover her mouth again. "We will stay here until we can talk to Talia, but can we be so rude to ask if you guys can stay here as well? Maybe it can help her a little!" one of the officers asked.

"Of course we can" I answered without talking to my parents. The officers then looked at my parents waiting for their answer. "Of course we can,it's nowhere we rather wanna be right now!" Mom said putting a hand on my shoulder.

We sat down again, so did the officers, now we have to wait till the doctors are done. I'm just lost in thoughts, how could someone do something like this to such a sweet and beautiful girl?

Like I'm not gonna say I'm a saint, I have both beaten up and killed
people before, kinda come with the family business but I can never believe this girl have ever done anything to deserve this!

A little later the doctor came out and walked up to us. "Okay we have finished our check up on Talia, luckily she didn't need surgery,but she have 3 broken ribs, hairline fracture to her left arm and right femur, she is badly bruised all over and have a concussion, and she have been starved for years" The doctor explained.

"Oh poor girl!" mom said with such a sad voice, I just stood there in shock."She also have a lot of scars on her upper body, she have been abused for years" The doctor continues.

"She will be here for observation until we know she have recovered a little"The doctor said, "Can you take a blood sample? We need to do a DNA test to see if she have some other relatives she can live with if this is caused by her current home!" One of the officers asked the doctor.


###Chapter 3.

Kayden's pov

"Sure, I will see to that right away" The doctor said and was about to walk away. "Can we see her?" I asked the doctor hopeful. The doctor looked at us then nodded "Follow me" he said then started to walk away.

I followed close behind him, I couldn't wait till I could see the beautiful girl again. This is not like me and I know that, my parents will probably tease me for this for a long time but I don't care!


We walked down the hall and then the doctor opened a door to a room,I got in and I could see Talia sleeping laying in bed, they have cleaned her up so she don't have anymore blood or dirt on her.

She have a pale skin from what I can see, that's not covered in bruises.She have heart shaped face shape, a cute button nose, long strawberry blond hair. She is so small, she can't be taller than about 150-155 cm.

I walk up to the left side of her bed and just look down at her. Then I see the doctor is about to stick a needle in her arms, I'm about to take his arm away from her but my dad stops me.

"Son he need to take a blood sample of her to take the dna test." Dad explained from the end of the bed where I saw both mom and dad is standing and the officers stood a little behind them.

The doctor took the blood then was about to walk away, "I will let you know as soon as we have some answers officers" He said then headed out.I carefully picked up her hand in mine and hold it.

Her hand is so small inemy big hands. How can someone do this to
someone so small? She look so sweet and innocent. Her hands are so smooth, but a little cold to the touch.


Mom found a chair for me and told me to sit down. I did but didn't want to let go of her hand. I just sat there and looked at her, people probably think I'm a creep but I don't care. I heard dad's phone ring and he answered walking out into the hallway.


After a little dad walked back into the room "Victor said we should stay here for as long as needed." He told mom who nodded in return. "I don't want to leave this poor girl alone without having anyone beside her." mom said looking at dad with a sad look.

"I know and I feel the same! So we will stay until some of her other family can come to be with her." Dad said holding mom close to him. A little later I ended up dozing off resting my head beside Talia on the bed still holding her hand in mine.


I woke up to a gentle squeeze on hand. My head shot up and I just stare at the hand. "What happened son?" Dad asked me with a concerned look."She squeezed my hand." I said in shock. "I will get the doctor" One of the officers said and walked out the door.


Not long after the doctor came in with the officer and started to look over Talia's stats. Then he used a flashlight in her eyes, which she made an expression to. "She is coming too, she will wake up shortly" The doctor said with a little smile on his lips.


A few minute later she started to open her eyes and I could see the most beautiful almond shaped eye with a mesmerizing ivy purple eye color, the eye color look somewhat familiar but I can't remember where I have seen it before.
I still holding her hand carefully in mine and she look at me then her hand in mine. Then a small smile is shown on her face and man her smile is breathtaking. "Hello dear, my name is Dr Caleb Alonso, do you know where you are?" The doctor ask her.


She look over at the doctor, then she look around a little before she give him a litte nod. "Can you tell me your name honey?" The doctor asked.She start to look a bit scared from this.


I looked at my parents confused then at the doctor before back at her."Honey I need you to tell me your name, I just have to make sure everything is okay with your brain, you got a bad hit to the head." Dr Alonso explained.


She gave a nod then looked around her a little before she looked up at the doctor lifter her hand and made a writing motion with it. Ahaa, I found my phone and open it up on an new message and gave it to her.


She looked at me with a grateful smile, then she took her hand out of mine and started to write on my phone.

'My name is Talia Collins' she turned the phone so Dr Alonso could read it.He then nodded, "Good to see you have your memories intact Talia" He said with a sweet smile.


"Can you tell me how you got these injuries?" he then asked her and again she looked scared. She shakes her head no. "Is it because you are scared they will come for you or you can't remember?" He asked her.

She looked down on her lap, "Please, don't worry, youI are safe here Talia"I said as gentle as I could, I don't want to scare her more then she is.She looked up at me and into my eyes like she were looking for something then she turned to the doctor and hold up one finger.
"You are scared they will come for you?" he asked for confirmation,which she nodded to him. I felt myself clenched my jaw tightly. "Can you tell me who did this to you?" Dr Alonso then asked.


Her breathing got more rapied and the machines around that's hooked up to her start to beep.

"Hey hey hey, Talia, remember you are safe here, we won't let anything happen to you. We will keep you safe, I promise!" I said gently, taking one of her hands in mine and put one hand gently on her cheek to make her look at me.


"Please, breathe with mne!" I said to her still with a gentle tone. She looked at me deep into my eyes and started to breathe with me. Man I could can get lost looking into 'her eyes.

She got her breathing under control, "Good, can you please answer Dr Alonso's question? And remember you are safe here!" I said still looking into her eyes, my tone gently with a smile on my face.


She gave me a nod and a small smile then tried to sit up in bed, and the doctor helped adjusted her headboard a little so she were sitting up in bed but still resting her back.
###Chapter 4.

Talia's pov

When I woke up, I saw the most handsome boy I have ever seen in my life. He had short sandy blond hair, crystal blue eyes, a strong jawline,a button nose and rosy full lips.

He is tall and very muscular. He had on a navy blue three piece suit, that hugged his body, and it looked extremely expensive. He's holding my hand and honestly it's give me such a safe feeling.

The doctor started to ask me questions and the boy understood I wanted something to write with so he gave me his phone. I started to answer Dr Alonso's questions but when they wanted to know who did this, I started to panic.

Again the handsome boy helped me calm down and Dr Alonso helped me sit up a little in bed, that's when I noticed the police officers in the room,I saw they walked up to us and I started to panic again.

I can't talk to the police, if mother or Gregor hear I have told the police anything I will be in big trouble! But the boy made me look at him again.

"Talia, you are safe, they are here to help you, I promise!" he said so gently with a small smile on his handsome face.

I nodded again, took a deep breath then took my hand out of his and started to write on his phone.

'My mother, step father and step sister usually beat me up if I make any noise. And yesterday I guess it is, since it's past midnight, I cleaned away their dinner and I accidently made a noise with the plates and Gregor
started to punch me, kick me and tossed me into the wall.'

I gave the phone to Dr Alonso and the police officers wrote down what I had written in their notebook.


Dr Alonso gave me the phone again but before I took it the boy looked at what I had written and I could see he got angry.


When he looked back at me, his expression soften then he handed me his phone again. "How long have this been going on?" Dr Alonso asked.


The boy sat down on the bed so he could look at the phone to see what I write I guess.

'For as long as I can remember.' I turned the phone to Dr Alonso and the officers and I guess the two other people in te room.


They look similar to the boy that sitting next to me in bed so I guess they are his parents.


Dr Alonso give me back the phone. "Do you have any other family you know off that you can stay with?" Dr Alonso asked which I just shook my head no and shrug my shoulders.


"That's okay, we have taking a blood sample of you and waiting for a dna test to see if you have some other relative you can stay with!" Dr Alonso explained, which I only gave a small nodto.

"And we will stay here with you until then sweetheart?" the woman at the end of my bed said with a smile and a gentle tone.


She have a long sandy blond hair, blue eyes and heart shaped face,button nose with small lips. She is very petit, but she is definitely taller than me,maybe she is around 160-165 cm tall to my 152 cm tall height.
I gave her a grateful smile and a nod. "We have some personal guards that will stand guard outside of this room to make sure you will be safe!"The man standing next to her said with a gentle voice.


He have short dark brown hair, blue eyes, straight nose, a well kept beard and some frame glasses that truly suits him.


I nodded at that as well with a small smile and looked back at the doctor.Then I wrote something on the phone.


'How long do I have to stay here? I were actually trying to run away from my mom, her man and his daughter' I showed the doctor with a light blush and bite my lip. Not everyday you would admit to run away, and the police is right there to read it.

"We will keep you here until we know you don't have any complications with your current injuries. You have 3 broken ribs, a few hairline fractures and a concussion. We also have seen how you have been starved. So until we know you will be coming home to a safe and stable home, you will be in my care!" Dr Alonso explained which I nodded to.

"Can I ask you something sweetie?" one of the officers asked looking at me and I nodded.


"The fact that you don't talk, is that because of an injury or something else?"The officer asked in a gentle voice.

I looked at my lap a little biting my lower lips thinking about how much I should tell them, then suddenly the handsome boy next to me gently pulled my lip out from my teeth with his thumb.

I looked up at his face and he gave me a sweet smile. I took a deep breath again then started to write on his phone again.
'I have not been talking for 4 years, Gregor said if I ever did he would cut out my tongue and kill my mother. So I guess now I just forgotten how to.

I gave the phone to Dr Alonso and he and the officers read it. I could see all of them stared at the phone with anger.

Dr Alonso looked at me with a sorry look "Can you try to talk for me?" He asked and I widen my eyes and shook my head quickly.

"That's okay, it may take some time before you will feel comfortable to talk again, you need to do it at you own pace but remember you are safe now,and you will never go back to them ever again!" Dr Alonso said gently.

"We will let you get some rest Talia and we will come back to check on you tomorrow!" The officer said and both of them headed out. "Will you three stay here in this room or will you head out as well?" Dr Alonso asked the other three.


"I will stay at least!" The boy answered quickly, and I don't know but it gave me butterfly in my stomach.

"We will all stay!" The man said looking at me with a smile.

"Okay do you want me to get some beds in here for you all?" Dr Alonso asked them which they nodded to.

Then Dr Alonso walked out. "Maybe we should introduce ourselves" The lady said with a gently smile which I returned with a nod.

"Okay I'm Linda Miller, this is my husband Jacob Miller and our youngest son Kayden Miller he is 18 years old, we also have three other kids,two boys that's older than Kayden and a baby girl that is 7 years old." Linda told me very sweetly.
###Chapter 5.

Kayden's pov

Mom introduces us all to Talia and when she were done I saw she write something on my phone.

'Nice to meet you all, and thank you all so much for all the help, I'mn very sorry if I have burden you, you all don't need to stay here if you don't want to'


She turned the phone and showed my parents.

"Nonsense, it's no burden at all and we are happy we can help you! We will stay with you for as long as it's needed!" my dad said smiling down at Talia.


I'm honestly shocked, my dad have smiled more today than I have ever seen.


Talia just smile up at my dad and I swear when she smiles her beautiful purple eyes are sparkling. A couple nurses comes in with three beds for us,the youngest one of them gave me a seductive look which just made me turn my eyes back at Talia smiling down at her instead.

Talia covered her mouth, biting her lip again, it's like she is trying to stop herself from laughing hard. I just hope I one day get to hear her laugh,hear the sweet voice I'm sure she have!


But man when she bite her lips like that it do things to me, so again I gently pull her plump lips ut from her teeth.

Then I caressing her cheek a bit with my thumb just getting lost in her cnorlling auoc thet's looking un at mo
I do see a small blush creep up on her cheek which makes me chuckle.
Can this girl get any cuter?

"We will head down to the cafeteria to get something to eat, do you two want something?" Dad ask bringing us out from our trance we are in.

I look up at my parents and they have a smirk on their face.

"I can have sandwich or something" I answered and Talia just shook her head.

"Talia youneed to eat something, so we will bring you a sandwich too!"Mom said sternly but very gently and Talia just widen her eyes.

They then left the room and now it were just me and Talia in here.

I looked down at her and see she play with her fingers a little. I take one of her hands in mine again and that makes her look up at me.

"I have to say Talia, you are one of the strongest people I know!" I said to her with so much sincerity in my voice, shejust look at me confused then she shook her head which made me chuckle again.

"I mean it, you have been through so much but you are still so sweet to others" I said with a smile, she smiles back to me and nod back. "I really hope that I one day get to hear your voice" I said still smiling at her.

She looked a bit shocked at that then she smile at me and give me a nod.She then took my phone and tapped on it.

'I hope that one day I will be confident again to talk or maybe even sing again, I loved to do that when I was younger, I had a friend who thought me a lot of things, he was like a older brother/father to me since I never had those relations at home, but he moved away 4 years ago and that was
when I stop talking, I didn't have anyone to talk to anymore. And I never dared to talk at home, now my life contained about school, work, then home to do my chores. If I didn't, I would end up getting a beating!'

She handed me the phone and I read it, I'm both happy and angry about what I read. I'm happy she had such a good person in her life that she felt safe with. But angry at her living conditions at home. I swear I will keep her from them always.


My parents entered the room again and gave us the food. Talia just looked it.


"Please Talia, you have to eat at least a little, to get your body used to food again!" I said caressing her cheek.

She looked up at me then smiled and nodded. She slowly opened the sandwich and took a very tiny bite.

She used a long time to just chew that small bite, then she took another tiny bite.

All in all she ended up eaten maybe 1/5 of the sandwich then she wrote she were full. "Are you sure you can't eat a little more?" I asked her wvith concern laced my voice.

'I'm so full I feel I'm about to explode!'

I nodded "Do you mind if I eat the rest?" I asked her with a smile. She handed me the sandwich and I ate the rest.

When we were done eating I took the trash and took it too the trash bin then got back to her bed.

"Do you wanna watch some tv?" I asked her when I sat down on her bed
again, she looked at me with big eyes then she wrote on my phone.

'I'm allowed to watch tv?'

I frowned a little reading this, like what kind of life have she been living.

I looked at her "Of course you are allowed to watch tv! Let's see if we find something fun to watch." I said smiling down at her.

She nodded and moved a little to the side of the bed making more room for me on her bed.


We both got comfortable on the bed and I started to look for a movie to watch.


We found an action movie and in the middle of the movie one of our guards came in and handed a bag to my parents.

"Kayden come and change out of the suit to something a bit more comfortable." Mom said smiling at us.

I got up from the bed and got the bag before heading to the restroom.

I put on gray sweatpants and a white t-shirt.

When I got back out and I saw Talià stand there waiting to get in also with some clothes in her hand.


I walked back to my parents and gave them the bag.

"She seem like a wonderful girl don't you think Kay?" Mom whispered with a smirk on her face and I felt myself immediately blush hard.

"Stop it" I saidlooking away. "You two look cute" Dad whispered as well.
I just shook my head and walked back to her bed.

When she came out she had on purple pj shorts, a purple sports bra and when she walked out, she were in the middle of zipping up a white hoodie.

I got to see some of her scars, so I stood up and walked over to her.

I stopped her hand which made her look up at me with a questionable look. "Can I see your scars please?" I asked and I could feel my voice almost brake.


She looked at me deep in my eyes again like she were looking for something.
###Chapter 6.

Talia's pov

Linda walked over to me when Kayden walked into the bathroom to change clothes.

"Here honey, we got you some close too, I'm sure this is more comfortable to sleep in than the hospital gown." She said smiling so sweetly to me.

I took Kayden's phone and tapped on it.

'You are far to kind, you don't need to worry about me'

I showed it to her, then she just shook her head smiling to me.

"Please let me worry, I like you, and I want you to be happy and comfortable!" she said, and I could feel how my eyes started to tear up.

She took me into her arms and hugged me tightly but at the same careful not to injure my ribs.

"Get ready to change when Kayden is done" She said and I nodded.

I walked over to the bathroom waiting for Kayden to come out, and when he did I was about to drop my jaw to the floor, how can anyone make sweatpants look sexy?

He smiled at me and held the door open for me, then I walked in and closed the door.

I got out of the hospital gown, put on the underwear Linda gave me then a purple sports bra, purple pj shorts and a white zip hoodie.

TAceod ond Iwalked out before I had zipped the hoodie up, so
when I were about to do that. Kayden stopped my hand.

I looked up at him questionable for why he stopped me.

"Can I see your scars please?" He asked in a low voice I could even hear is voice brake a little like it were painful for him.

I looked up into his eyes to try to see if I could find a motive to why.

All I saw in his eyes was sorrow, anger, concern and.. care?

I nodded and let go of the zipper I had already dragged up a little.

He then took it and unzipped it and took the hoodie off completely.

Linda and Jacob walked over as well, looking at my upper body. I know it s not a pretty sight.

I have so many scars on my upper body it's crazy.

"Is this a gunshot wound?" Jacob asked touching a scare, I just nodded.

"And these, these are stab wounds?" Linda asked on the verge of tears.

I looked at her sadly then nodded. "Oh my god, how can anyone do this to someone!" she said and I heard she started to cry a little.


I looked at her then took her into my arms then hugged her."Aww you are the cutest, I'm the one that should comfort you not the other way around!" She said with a sad voice.


I just smiled at her then I cupped her face and wiped her tears with my thumbs.

I felt someone touch one of my scars, it's a scar that almost goes from left
to right of my back.

"Dad, I want to make them pay!" Kayden said with such a sad voice.it almost broke my heart.

"We will son! This will not go unpunished!" Jacob said still looking over my torso and back.


I look at them with a questionable expression again and Linda took a deep breathe


"Honey what we are about to tell you, you have to keep it a secret,but honestly you have made such an impact on us that we want to move heaven and earth for you!" Linda said to me in a sweet but stern voice.


I did the 'zip my lip and throw away the key' motion and all three of them laughed.

"We are apart of the British Mafia" Jacob said looking at me waiting for an reaction I guess.

I tilted my head a little, looking at them, then I walked over to the bed and picked up Kayden's phone. Then I started to type away on it.

'Do you have any relations to the Irish mafia?

I handed the phone to Jacob with shaky hands.

Jacob looked at the phone then back on me then back at the phone.

"No, we can't stand the Irish mafia!" He said sternly.

I let out the breath I didn't know I were holding and put a hand over my heart helping it to calm down.
"How do you know the Irish mafia dear?" Linda asked looking at me with her sweet smile.


I held my hand out to get the phone back, and Jacob gave it to me.

'I know Gregor is a part of the Irish mafia, he said many times that he would sell me to the members of his mafia'

I handed back the the phone to Jacob then looked down on the floor,I don't want to look at their faces now.


"Oh my god!" Linda gasped, Kayden walked up to me and put two fingers carefully under my chin and lifted my head so I looked up into his eyes.

"Talia.... Did.... Did he ever do it?" Kayden asked with his voice breaking.

I couldn't look into his eyes so I looked at the wall to my right and I felt tears starting to form in my eyes then nodded.

Kayden just brought me into his chest and held me tightly.

Rubbing my back and let me cry and soke his t-shirt. I heard Jacob talk on the phone

Jacob: "I need you guys to go to the address I just sent you, and capture the people you find in the house."

Jacob:" Yes, now, get it done!" He said the hung up.

Kayden just lifted me up bridal style and carried me to the bed.


He got in bed with me and I were have laying on his chest with my legs over his lap.

He continue to rub my back. "Don't worry you are safe now!" he
whispered in my ear ever so sweetly.

"Let's continue watching our movie hmm?" He said lifted my chin to look into my eyes and I gave him a sweet smile and nodded.

He wiped away my tears the he caressing my cheek a little.

Then we laid down. My head on his chest his arm around my back holding me close. My legs over his and he caressing my thighs. How can someone be so sweet?

"Hey, your not scared of us now right?" He asked almost to low for me to even hear it.


I looked back up at him and gave him a 'are you kidding me' look. He chuckled then started caressing my back again.

"Good" He whispered kissing the top of my head and that made me blush like crazy.
###Chapter 7.

Linda's pov

I feel so much rage and anger inside me right now.

How can someone threat their child like this?

Seeing her upper body truly broke me, if I ever see someone do that to my kids I would be furious and kill them myself even if it would be Jacob doing it!

Talia's momm didn't do anything, hell she probably gave her somne of the scars herself.

I hope we can get our hands on them, because they will pay for what they have done to sweet Talia.


I look over at Kay and Talia in her bed watching tv and my heart melted of the sight.

I nudge my husband and he look at me questionable then I nod my head towards the two of them in bed.


"They sure look cute together!" Jacob whisper low pulling me closer to him so I rest my body against his chest and he rest his head on top of mine.

"Yeah they truly do" I whispered back.

They had both fallen asleep, Talia on his lap resting her head on Kay's chest and he holding around her super protective.

He have been protective of her since we saw her on the sidewalk.


nuch about girls, definitely not like this.	-.
"If she won't get to a safe home I want to take her in Jacob! And that is not up for debate!" I whispered sternly.

He chuckled "You got it honey, but let her get a chance to find her real family. And we will make sure they are good to her. If not we will take her in without hesitation!" Jacob whispered back.


"You are right! Let's go to sleep as well." I whispered and that's what we did.


The next morning we woke up when a few nurses came in to check on Talia.


We saw how some of the nurses were trying to seduce Kay but he completely ignored them.

We also saw some of those nurses just overlooked Talia, who is the real patient here and that made me pissed off.

I walked over there "I'm sorry can you get Dr Alonso?" I said sternly to one of the skanks that tried to hit on my son when all he cared about were the beauty he already have in his arms.

"Of course ma'am!" The slutty nurse said in a very sugar'sweet voice, I almost felt I got a hole in my teeth from it and I just frown at her.

She hurried out after that. Talia looked at me with a big smirk on her face biting her lip.


"Oh don't give me that look dear, she pissed me off!" I said walking up to Talia so I were on the left side of the bed.


"Did you have a good sleep sweetheart?" I asked looking at her with a sweet smile.
She smiled at me and nodded then she looked at Kayden and raised her eyebrow like she asked him the same question.

How cute can this girl get? "Yes, I would say it may be the best sleep I have ever had!" Kayden smiled down at her and she blushed.


She then made a writing motion with her hand, and Kay handed her his phone.

Then she started to type and I were standing right next to her so I could see what she wrote.


'How can you have the best sleep in a hospital bed?

She looked up at him, studying him while he read what she typed.


We could see a light blush creep up on his face.

Then he looked down on Talia and smiled "Guess it's because I had such a good blanket" he smirked and she blushed hard this is just too cute.


At that moment, Dr Alonso came into the room with the skanke of a nurse walking behind him.


"You guys called for me?" He asked with a smile. I cleared my throat,looked at the nurse behind him then back at him.


"Yes you see, we are here to make sure Talia is getting treated properly and not have my son get an STD! So from now on this, as well as some of the other nurses are not welcome into this room! You better give Talia some better nurses that actually care about their patient and not try to get a quickie in the bathroom or whatever janitor closet they do it at in this hospital!" I said sternly and the nurse got super red.
Dr Alonso looked back on the nurse behind him with a very disapproving look.


"Get the fuck out, this is the last chance you get, if I get one more report like this you will be of work!" He said to her in a stern doctor tone.

She hurried out of the room then Dr Alonso turned back to us.

"I will make sure Talia get the best nurses we have! And I also have a report on the dna test we did yesterday." He said looking at Talia.

I looked over at Talia as well and I saw she took a hold of Kayden's hand which brought a smile to me. Kay, Jacob who also walked over to us and Dr Alonso's face.

"So what do the test say?" Jacob asked Dr Alonso.

"She do have family that have searched for her, for many years actually.Her mother took her away from the family when she was 5 years old, and they have looked for her since then." Dr Alonso explained.

"That's good news!" Jacob said looking over at Talia who looked wide eyed at Dr Alonso.


"But we will wait a few more days before we want to contact them, we want to make sure everything is going well with Talia before we will send her home to them." Dr Alonso explained.


We could all see Talia let out a deep breathe.

I'm sure she must be scared, and 5 years old, I can imagine she won't remember much of them.


"Do that sound like a plan Talia?" Dr Alonso asked.
She looked up from her lapto meet his eyes then she nodded with a small smile.

"Don't worry honey we will be here with you until the day your family will come here!" I said taking a hold of one of her small hands and she smiled up at me with a grateful smile.

"Good,then I will take my leave and send in two new nurses to get your breakfast order." Dr Alonso said with a smile then walked out.

"That's good news honey, you will be with people that want you, and have been looking for you for years" I said giving her a big hug.

She smiled up at me then laid back down with her head on Kayden's chest staring down on her lap.
###Chapter 8.

Jacob's pov

I looked at this sweet girl in the bed in front of me.

It's crazy, yesterday we were strangers and today it's like I look at her like she is my own daughter.

She is so sweet and nothing bad is to say about her!

She have been through so much, and when we saw her scars yesterday I were so pissed off!

I'm still waiting on a report from the guys I sent to her house.

Now seeing how she kinda look scared with the news of her family looking for her, it breaks my heart.


Me and Linda promised each other to give her a chance with her family and if they don't treat her right we will take her in and she seem to get along with Kay very well.

They do look like they are made for each other, so I pray that no matter where she may end up, she will have the possibly to keep in contact with us.


And I have never seen Kay so attentive to anyone outside our family,his and our friends.


I got pulled out of my thoughts when my phone rang. I looked at it and saw who it was then I answered.

Me:"Hello"
Adam: "Sir,when we got here yesterday the house was empty, we have been keeping a watch on the house all night but no one have come back home"


Me: "Fuck, I'm on my way, let's see if we can find something useful in the house!"


Adam:"See you soon sir!"

I hung up the call and Linda looked at me with a worried look.

I pinched the bridge of my nose then looked up at all of them.

"My men can't find any sign of your mother, Gregor or step sister. I will head over there to see if I can find a lead in the house to where they may have gone." I said looking at Talia with a sad smile.


She looked a little worried about the news


"Don't worry they won't get to you, we will keep you safe." Kayden said pulling her carefully closer to him.

"I will head over there now, is it something from your house you want me to bring with me so you don't need to go back for it later?" I asked her,she took Kay's phone then started to type on it.

'I did bring with me the little valuables I have in the backpack I had with me, other then that I just have few clothes left there. But if you are gonna go for some information he usually keep that on the second floor. His office is the 3 door to the left when you walk up the stairs. The code to his safe is 8291. If he didn't take the content with him, I'm sure something there can help you'


Kay ended up send me this message so I had the code on my phone
I looked up at Talia and smirked, and she smirked back. I walked up to her and kissed the top of her head.

"I will be back a little later, these two will keep you safe as well as the guards out in the hallway! Thank you for the information" I said holding a fand on her cheek, she nodded back with a smile and I walked out.


This girl is definitely something else and I think having her in our life will be a blessing.


She have been able to bring a smile to my face more times in less than 12hours then I have my whole life I can remember.


Linda have also taken such a liking to her and she is a lady that is truly sceptic to new people.

Kayden have such a protectiveness over her I have never seen before.

She sure is a miracle worker, so it piss me off even more knowing her mother and step family have treated her the way they have.

I got in the car and my driver drove me to her home and I saw a few of my men lurking about trying to stay in cover incase the family comes back.

I got out of the car and Adam came walking up to me.

"Good to see you sir, you ready to head in?" He asked me which I just gave him a nod to. We walked into the house and I were greated by a few of my other men there.

I looked around and saw yesterday's dinner still on the diner table.

I saw some blood here and there and that must be where they gave her yesterday's beating. I also saw where Gregor had tossed her in the wall.
I felt rage building up inside me. "Adam take a picture of all of this!" I said sternly.


He looked at me a bit confused then nodded and started to take a few pictures.


I want those pictures so when she get to her new family and if they don't treat her right I will show them what her life were before!

They better treat her like the princess she is!

We come across a few other places that were a visible sign of struggle.


Then I walked up the stairs, I know she said it was the 3 room but I want to check the rest of the house as well.

First room must be the master bedroom, it had a lot of stuff in it.

The second where a beautiful room with a lot of stuff as well, I saw a picture of a family of 3 so that must be Gregor his daughter and Talia's mother. I took the picture with me.

I walked past the third room and checked the forth room first.

I got in and I saw it barely had anything in it, I guess this must be Talia's room. She only had a thin mattress on the floor,a little chest of drawers.I looked inside the drawers.


"Pack these clothes in a bag!" I said to Adam who did what I said right away.


I also saw it were some blood smeared on the wall next to her bed. The fuck have they done to this poor girl?



·Ltald Adom thon Lmollrod out to anter the
third room which should be the office.

It have a lot of papers in it, I walked over the safe and put in the code Talia gave me and bingo the safe opened up.

"How did you know the code sir?" Adam asked me shocked.

I looked at him with a smirk "Talia" then he smirked as well.

"Good she is on our side huh!" he said smirking. "Damn right!",I said then turned to look inside the safe.


And Talia was right, it so much valuable information here!


Safehouses to the Irish mafia, companies they use to laundry money etc.

"Pack all this as well, and the papers around here and make sure we get it
with back home with us!" I told Adam then I took the bag and walked out.
###Chapter 9.

Kayden's pov

After dad went out two nurses got in not long after and luckily these two were behaving better.


They were really sweet to Talia, they took our breakfast order and told us they would be back in about 30 minute.


Mom suggested that Talia should take a shower and change into something else for the day which she smiled and nodded to.

Mom handed her some close then Talia went to the bathroom.

I still laid on Talia's bed and looked atthe door that is separating us and Talia.


"You truly like this girl, don't you Kay?" Mom whispered smiling at me.

I looked at my mom feeling myself blush.

"I take that as a yes" mom whispered chuckling.

"Oh shush mom" I whispered looking away from mom.

"Here is some clothes for you as well, take a shower when she is done!"Mom handed me some clothes.


"Thanks mom" I said taking the clothes.


"I'm glad she didn't get scared after learning of our mafia" I said looking at the door to the bathroom.


"Yeah me too, I think that girl will have a big place in our life from now
on, and its good we don't have to lie to her!" Mom said also looking at the door.

Not long after Talia came walking out still drying her hair.

She have a low waist black skinny jeans, a purple tube top and having a black zip hoodie on that's not zipped up. She look absolutely beautiful and breathtaking.

"Here honey let me help dry your hair" mom said walking up to Talia taking her hand and bring her to the bed.


"Go and take the shower now Kay" Mom said smiling at me and I nod walking towards the bathroom.


I got undressed and went into the shower.

I cleaned myself, then went out of the shower to dry myself off.

Mom had given me some Black jeans, white t-shirt and a grey hoodie,underwear and socks of course.


I walked out of the bathroom and saw momn braided Talia's hair.


I just stood leaning against the doorframe to the bathroom looking at them with a smile on my face. They truly look like they have a great time.

I walked over to them and sat down on the bed next to Talia.


When mom was done she walked in front of Talia "You look so amazing with the texture twist and tail hairdo!" Mom looked so proud.


And mom is not wrong she look perfect!

"What do you wanna do?" I asked her she just shrugged her shoulders.
"Hmm, I know you said yesterday that you used to sing, I know we are not there yet but can you maybe play a piano? I think they have one here."I said to her with a smile.

"Awww you can sing? I can't wait till the day I can hear you sing!" Mom said almost squealed in excitement.

I chuckled and Talia covered her mouth and bite her lower lips.

Damn she will have me go crazy if she down stop, she truly don't know how cute she is when she do that.

And not to sound like a perv but it's such a turn on. I gently pull her lips with my thumb and she blush while I caressing hercheek.

Mom chuckle and we both look at her with a questionable look.

"So can you play the piano sweetie?" Mom asked Talia and she smiled and nodded.

Then the nurses came back with our breakfast and we ate, or Talia were not eating a lot but at least she got some food in her stomach.

When we were done mom took the trash and tossed it.

"Let's go and find a piano!" I said standing up and holding out my hand for her to take it.

She look at my hand then back up at me and I just smiling down at her.


I truly hope she take my hand.

She then lifted her hand and place it in mine, I gently pull her up and we walk out hand in hand with mom walking behind us.
We walked to the reception desk and saw one of the two nurses mom kicked out of the room earlier.


Mom walked a little faster and got to the desk before me and Talia.

"We would like to use a piano, do you guys have one here?" Mom asked the nurse sternly.


I saw the nurse swallowed nervously and told mom where we could find it.

Mom also told the nurse to inform her husband where we are when he came back.


We made our way to the place where they had a piano.


And it's like a little common room or living room for every patient to use I guess.


Mom asked everyone here if we used the piano and no one had anything against it.


I walked Talia up to the piano and sat down next to her and mom said down on the sofa not far from us.

I saw Talia take a deep breath then lifted the lid of the piano and felt the keys before she took another deep breath.


Then she started to play a beautiful melody. (River flows in you - Original -Yiruma)


I saw she closed her eyes and kept playing with her eyes closed, damn she is good.


I closed my eyes too and just listen to her while putting my arm around 
I open my eyes again and just looked at Talia. I'm in absolute awe about this girl.

When she were done playing I just whispered. "Beautiful" still just looking at Talia, she looked at me and blushed a deep grimson red which made me smile.

A little girl walked up to us "I'm sorry, pretty lady, can you play 'my heart will go on' please?" She asked super sky looking up at Talia.

Talia just smiled sweetly at the girl and gave her a nod.

Then she started playing. (My heart will go on (from "Titanic") Piano Version-Enrique Lázaro)

And again it's flawless and beautiful. We looked around us and we so a few elder couple slow dancing as well as some parents with their kids.

I saw dad standing by the door and just admire Talia's talent.

He gave me a smile and nod when he saw me looking at him.

I nodded back before I looked back at the amazing person next to me.

When she were done a older man walked over to Talia and whispered something in her ear, she look at him and she nod with a smile.

Then he kiss the top of her head and she start to play a new song.(A thousand years - piano version - Riyandi Kusuma)

The older man walked over to his wife and took her into his arms and they both looked at Talia with tears in their eyes and slow danced to her piano playing.


C-	-na a few more songs. I saw Dr Alonso stand there in the
doorway next to dad and just looking at us with a smile.
###Chapter 10.

Kayden's pov

After playing the piano for about 30 minute Dr Alonso came up to us.

"Wow Talia, you'r truly talented with the piano, hope we will be hearing more of that over the next few days when you are here with us!" He said smiling at her which she just smile and nod back to him.

"We have to do some check ups on you, are you up for that now?" He asked looking at her still smiling.

She smile and nod and I stood up, holding my hand out for her. She smile up at me and tok my hand.

Before we are able to walk away many in the area started to clap for her piano playing. She smile to them all and give a courtesy bow.

Then we walk out of there and back to our room.

The doctor and the nurses did some tests on Talia and take a few blood tests of her as well.

When they walk out, mom and dad comes over to her bed and smile down at Talia.

"You can't stop amaze us,can you?" Dad said smiling proudly at her.

She blush and smile up at him.

"I also wanna thank you for the code for the safe, we got a lot of valuable information there! We didn't see them though but my men is standing guard there and around here at the hospital." Dad said to her.
She looked around her so I figured she looking for my phone.

I walked up to the table to pick it up and sat down next to her.

She gave me a very sweet smile that makes my heart skip a beat.

She took the phone and started tapping on it.

'First of, thank you that's truly kind of you to say!

Second your very welcome, if I can help you make them pay I will do
what I can!

And third, do you think they will come for me here?'

She turned the phone and gave it to dad.

"First I'm just speaking the truth, second you helped more than you know!And third if they do they won't be able to get close to you! We have
giving instructions to the guards in the hallway who is allowed to enter this room, so they can't get past them!" he said looking down at her with a reassuring smile.

She let out a deep breathe and leaned a little towards my shoulder and I felt butterfly in my stomach.

I took one arm around her waist and pulled her a bit closer to me.

"Do you wanna watch a movie?" I asked looking down on her, she looking up at me smiling and nodding.


We both got comfortable on her bed again laying just like we did last night and watched a lot of movies.
A few days have past and we have been at the hospital with Talia for about 5 days.


The doctor informed us that they have called her family and that her oldest brother is on his way.


He would be here in 2 hours so we have said we will leave in about 1,5hours.


Since wwe are in the mafia we don't want that to come out or protentionaly make any problems for Talia and her family.


She said she understand but I can also see she is reluctant to let us go and both me and my parents feel the same.


I truly pray this is not the last time I see her.

Me and Talia have gotten so close the last few days, and now it's like we understand each other with just one look.

We don't need words to communicate we do it with our eyes and facial expressions.


Mom and dad have found this very amusing and they are constantly teasing me and Talia.


"Talia I want you to know a few things before we have to leave though and it is important." Dad said smiling at her.

She look at him and nod for him to continue while she is leaning up against my chest.

And trust me I will miss this, us two just laying like this.


Lkissed the top of her head which made her blush and mom and dad
chuckled a it.

"Okay so like you know we are in the mafia" dad started.

"There is a few other mafias out there we are allies with, not all of us goes great with each other but we do have some relations with each other so we behave sivil with each other" He continued looking at Talia make sure she got it all and she nodded.

"It is us The Miller, the British mafia. The Bianchi, the Italian mafia and American mafia. It's the Volkov, the Russian mafia and The Ramirez the Mexican mafia. If you ever come across any of these and are in trouble give them my name and I will do what I can to help you! As said we are allies with them so we don't want to make problems for each other. And if I say that you are with us they will leave you alone." dad finished explaining and Talia nodded to it and gave my dad tight hug.

I truly do think that my parents already look at Talia like a daughter.

And it is just as hard for them as it is for me and Talia to have to depart from each other.

"I have put a notebook in your suitcase with our numbers written in it. If you ever need us, do not hesitate to call any of us okay?" Mom said with tears in her eyes and hugged Talia tightly as well.

"Time flies quickly and we truly have to leave, your brother will be here in about 35 minute now so we will have to be out of here so we don't scare away whoever your family is" Dad said giving Talia another hug and kiss on the head.

"We will give you two some time to say goodbye and we will wait outside"mom said and kissed Talid's forehead then they left.
I looked at Talia and saw she had tears in her eyes and man my heart is breaking seeing that.

"Hey sweetheart, don't cry we will see each other again soon, okay? Now that I have you in my life I won't let you go forever!" I said cupping her face and wiping her tears.

She look up at me with so many emotions in her eyes and I couldn't help it, I leaned in then looked down on her lips then back in her eyes.

She put her hands around my neck and pulled me closer and our lips connected and sparks are flying in my stomach.

I leaned my forehead against her catching my breath again after a very passionate kiss.

"Please be safe for me Lia" I whispered feeling my voice break and she nodded with tears in her eyes.

I gave her one more kiss before I had to leave. And trust me that were the hardest thing I have ever done in my life!
###Chapter 11.

Leon Bianchi's pov

I'm sitting in my home office going through a few shipments that will be coming in a few day.

I took a sip of the glass that contain the brown burning liquid. yep I'm a cognac dude.

I got brought out of my work by my phone, I answered without looking who it were.


Leon: "Hello?" I said sternly.

Other caller: "Hello sir, am I talking to Leon Bianchi?" The man asked carefully.

Leon: "Yes this is he, who are you?" I asked getting impatient.

Other caller: "My name is Doctor Caleb Alonso" Dr Alonso said.

Leon:"Hello doctor what can I help you with?"

Dr Alonso: "You see I tried to call your father but his secretary wouldn't put me through to him, but do you by any chance know a girl name Talia?" Dr Alonso said carefully.


I dropped the class of cognac I hold in my hand and the glass shattered on the impact with the floor.

I stopped breathing, I couldn't think, I couldn't do anything!

Dr Alonso: "Mr Bianchi, are you there? Are you okay?" he asked a little worried, and that brought me back to my senses.
Leon: "Yes I know her, she is our missing baby sister!" I said I could feel my voice break.

Dr Alonso: "Well I'm happy to inform you that she is not missing anymore! She is actually here at the Virginia Mason hospital in seattle!" He explained with a little more happier voice.


Again I were filled with shock, she have finally been found! She can finally come home!


Dr Alonso: "Mr Bianchi?"

Leon: "I will leave right away, I will come as soon as I can! And I will inform my father!" I said quickly, started to gather my things I need with me then I were running out the office.

Dr Alonso: "Good I will inform Talia you will be arriving today! See you soon Mr Bianchi" He said then he huing up the call.

I quickly sent a message to my driver and then our pilot to get the plane ready!


I run down the stairs, "Yo Leon what's up?" I heard my brother ask coming running into the foyer hearing me running down the stairs.

I quickly heading into the living room and he followed me.

I saw the rest of my brothers are here.

"I just got a call, I have to head our right away" I told them sternly but I couldn't help but smile a little.

The rest of my brother just look at me super confused.


"Yo. Leon is smiling something must he wrong with the morld" Nigg enid
snickering.

"Our sister is coming home, I'm picking her up now, make sure her room is perfect!" I said sternly.

They all looked at me with so many dlifferent emotions.

Theo and David have tears in their eyes, Aaron just looked shocked, Nico and Dante looks pissed off.

"Are you crazy? No! This is not a place for little girls!" Nico shouted.

"I agree, our business is no place for her to be!" Dante said sternly.

"She have been found?" Aaron asked still in shock:

"What do you mean no? I am gonna have my bambina home!" David said angry looking at Nico and Dante.

"I want my sister home now Leon please get her!" Theo said with tears flowing down his cheeks.

"I will and it's not up discussion! Make sure her room is perfect! I will call dad on my way to the airport. I will see you all when we get back home and you all better behave when I get back or so help me god!" I said looking angry at Nico and Dante and I could see they swallowed nervously.


I turned around and headed out the door and got into the car waiting for me!


When I had gotten comfortable in the car I called dad's private phone.

Dad:"Yes?"

Leon: "Dad, I'm on my way to Seattle"
Dad:"Why?"

Leon: "Well if you would have picked up the call from someone that tried to call you earlier you would know that Talia have been found, and I'm on my way to get her now!"

Dad was super quiet on the other end of the call, and trust me, I know exactly how he feels, I wouldn't believe it at first either.

Leon: "Dad, I will be back home with her later tonight, all in all just fly time with will take a little over 10 hours both ways, I also have to get to the hospital she is in and then get back to the airport."

Dad: "Wait hospital? Is she okay?" he asked with so many emotions in his voice.

Leon: "The doctor didn't inform me about anything but I will let you know as soon as I know!"


Dad:"Okay,get my sweet bambina home safe Leon please!" dad begged and dad is not a man to beg.

Leon: "Dad I will, I will see you tonight!"

Dad: "Stay safe and see you tonight!"

I hung up the call and we had reached the airport.

I got on our plane and we took off, during those 5 hours in the air,I were able to get a lot of work done so hopefully I can use the time on our way home to get to know my sweet bambina.

When we had landed, I quickly got into the car waiting for me and are now on my way to the hospital to see my sweet bambina after 12 years.
I can't stop myself from imagine how beautiful she may look.

The ride was over quickly and me and some of my guards headed inside and a Doctor is standing by the reception.

"I'm here to pick up my baby sister Talia!" I said sternly.

The man turned around and looked at mne first in shock, then he brought out a smile.


"You must be Mr Bianchi?" He asked and I just nodded.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Doctor Caleb Alonso, the doctor you talked to on the phone, follow me this way" he said then showed me the way to my baby sister.

We came to a hospital room that had two police officers stationed outside.

"Why the police?" I asked sternly.

Dr Alonso looked at me for a second "It's for Miss Bianchi safety due to the circumstances" He said looking a bit sad.

"What circumstances?" I asked a little worried.

"Let's talk inside here with Miss Bianchi" he said before he walked in, I signaled my man to stand outside, I don't want to scare my little bambina.
###Chapter 12.

Leon's pov

As I walked into the roomI saw this tiny girl packing her stuff.

She have the back turned so I don't see her face. But her hair color is the same strawberry blond as Theo.


I see Dr Alonso walk over to my sister, put a hand on her shouldér then he say a few words to her and I see she nod.

Looks like she take a deep breathe then she slowly turn around.

And I'm just standing there frozen my jaw dropped to the floor.

I see she have the same family eyes like all the kids on dad side have. Her long strawberry blond hair is braided to óne side, she have the same almond shape eyes I remember she had when she were younger, her cute button nose is still there and same with her rosy plump lips.

She is very small and thin for her age, almost look like she is been starved.

I slowly took a few step closer to her, I don't want to spook her.

She looked at me very intensely putting her head to the side like she is deep in thought.

Then she suddenly run up to me and quickly put her arms around my waist, I tense for a few second before I lift her up and hug her tightly.

She put her arms around my neck and legs around my waist and I just hold her close to me.


"Oh my sweet bambina, you have grown up to be such a beautiful voung
lady." I whispered into her neck.

I felt a few tears drop on my neck and I just rub her back with one hand while supporting one under her butt.


"Talia, you have to remember to be a bit careful, you have not fully recovered yet." Dr Alonso said carefully but he also had a bright smile on his face.


Talia lifted her head and looked over at him then nodded. She loosen her grip on me and I put her down gently.


"What injuries do you have bambina?" I looked down at her cupping her face drying her tears with my thumbs.

She look back at Dr Alonso and give a nod so I look back at the doctor waiting for him to explain.

He took a deep breathe then he looked up at me.

"Okay so Talia came here 5 days ago, some nice bystanders come across her when she had run away from her home, when they walked up to her she collapse from exhaustion." He started looking a little sad at Talia.

"She have three broken ribs, two hairline fracture, one in her left arm and one in her right femur. She is badly bruised, some have been able to heal but now she have also covered most of them up with makeup. She have a concussion. She have been abused, stabbed, cut and even shot over many years. She have also been badly starved. While she have been here we have been able to get her to eat at least a little with every meal but it's important that you don't force her!" He explained and took a deep breathe.

"If you do force her to eat that can actuallyresult in her throwing it up,

FP	1
eat a little with each meal! Do to malnurishment she have also lost her period, but with correct diet that will fix itself. And one more thing, she is currently mute, it's not a medical condition but she will have to become very comfortable again to be able to start talking! Don't force it or it will end up she never talking again!" Dr Alonso explained calmly.

I just stood there frozen again, looking at my little bambina with tears in my eyes.

She look up at me and I see tears forms in her eyes as well, she put a hand carefully on my cheek and one tear escape down my cheek and she wipe it away.

Then she walk over to the bed and pick up a notebook and a pen. Then she write something:


'Don't worry Leon, I'm fine, and now I'm finally home with you where I belong, I have missed you! <3'

She turned it around and I read it, I looked at her shocked.

"You remember me?" I asked shocked I know neither me or Dr Alonso have said my name yet. She smile and nod happily.

"Do you remember you other brothers?" I asked hopefully. She were thinking for a whle the she started to write.

'I do remember a lot of name suddenly, like something just clicked in my brain'


She turned the notebook around, I read it then I asked "Can you name some of the names you remember?"

She turned the notebook and then started to write.
'Theo, Nikolas, Aaron, David, Dante, Nathan, Michel, Kieran, Joshua,Kyle.Lucian, Kevin, Cole, Zachary, Brandon, Zane, Adam, Bryan, uncle Emmanuel, aunty Alise, uncle Mason and aunty Lyla, uncle Andrew.aunty Alice, grandpa (papa) grandma (nona) and dad is named Arthur. I don't remember who of my cousins belongs to which aunt and uncle but...How did I do:)?'

She turned the notebook again and now Dr Alonso have come to stand beside me.

Me and Dr Alonso read it and we both started to laugh.

"You did amazing bambina!" I said walking up to her and hug her and she hugged me back.


"I have the discharge papers ready, but Talia,your two nurses want to say goodbye to you before you go, are you up for that?" Dr Alonso asked looking at my sister with a smile and she nodded.

"Okay two second, I will get the papers and your nurses and I will be right back!"He said then walked out.

"You truly have grown up bambina! I can't get over how beautiful you have gotten!" I said looking at her with so much emotions.

She smiled up to me then hugged me again.

Suddenly the door burst open and two ladies in nurse uniform come in.

"Talia don't leave us!" one of them cried and Talia run up to them and hug them both tightly.

"I will miss you so much! Who am I now gonna gossip about the dumb doctors around here? You are luacky you got the best doctors we have and
he have been by you almost the entire time!" the other said.

Talia wrote something on her notebook and showed it to the nurses.

Then they both started die laughing and I saw Talia covered her mouth and bite her lower lip.

"Aww you are too cute for your own good!" the first nurse said.

"Here let us write our numbers in your notebook and when you get a phone you can give us a text, and when you finally speak again you can give us a call." the second nurse said.

Then they both wrote their numbers in her notebook.
###Chapter 13.

Talia's POV
It felt wonderful to see my big brother again. It was surreal when I first saw his face; I remembered him—his name and the way he used to be with me when I was very young.
Saying goodbye to Nurse Emma, who had become like an older sister to me, and Nurse Elaina, who had treated me like a daughter, brought tears to my eyes. They wrote down their numbers so that once I got a phone, I could send them a text. I was going to miss them dearly.
Then, Dr. Alonso walked into the room. "Wait here, sweetie. Here is my number as well. If you ever need someone to talk to, remember we are all here for you," he said as he handed me his contact information.
I looked at the numbers and then up at the three people who, along with the Miller family, had made my stay here amazing. I wiped my tears as they all pulled me into a warm group hug.
"Talia, sweetie, don't cry, or you’ll make us start all over again," Emma said, her own eyes glistening.
"Please take good care of yourself, and remember we are just a text away!" Elaina added.
"We will truly miss you, Talia. You are an amazing girl. Don’t let any of those billionaire brothers of yours give you a hard time—if they do, just message one of us, okay?" Caleb said, gently wiping away a stray tear.
I nodded and gave them one last hug. I went over to my bed to grab my things, but Leon quickly took them for me.
"You need to be careful, bambina. Doctor's orders, right?" Leon asked, looking at Caleb, who smiled and nodded in agreement.
As we walked out of the hospital room, I saw the guards as well as the police officers who had been standing guard since the day I arrived. I walked up to the officers, and they both leaned down to give me a hug.
"You better take good care of yourself, sweetie!" Tyler said. I smiled and shook my head at the nickname. He was wearing his police hat, so I playfully reached up and pulled it down over his eyes, a bright smile on my face.
"I’ll miss you, Sweetie. Here, I’ll give you my number too. If you ever need a ‘get out of jail free’ card, just hit me up!" he joked, hugging me tightly.
Then I hugged Riley. "Oh, how I’ll miss you, Honey. You truly are a ray of sunshine. Work is going to be so boring without coming to hang out with you every day!" he said, sounding genuinely choked up.
I placed a hand on his cheek and smiled, giving him a supportive nod.
"I know you're right—positive thoughts. But I seriously will miss you. Here, let me give you my number as well. You’re like the sister or niece I never had, and I don't want to lose touch," he said, writing down his number before giving me one last hug.
We headed down to the hospital entrance where several cars were parked. A driver held the door open for us. Leon guided me to the car and handed my bags to the guards in the following vehicle. As we drove away, I sat back and watched through the window as Seattle faded into the distance.
The ride was quiet—not an awkward silence, but a peaceful one. I felt Leon’s eyes on me the entire time. I pulled out my notebook and wrote something down, praying he wouldn't find it rude; it was only meant as a joke.
'Take a picture, dear brother, it lasts longer. xD'
I showed it to Leon, and he burst out laughing.
"Oh, bambina, only you would be allowed to be sassy with me," he said, still chuckling. I smirked; I had a feeling I was going to have a lot of fun with him.
When we reached the airport, Leon led me to a private plane. The tail wing was marked with the name 'Bianchi.' Okay, so they are rich, I thought. Wait... Bianchi? Wasn't that one of the Mafia families Jacob mentioned they had an alliance with? Maybe I would see Kayden soon.
I hoped so. After the kiss we shared, my heart was still a beating mess. I could tell it had been just as painful for him to leave as it was for me. The time we shared over the past five days had been amazing.
So, my family was Mafia as well. That certainly explained the wealth. Leon guided me to a seat inside the plane and sat next to me while the guards took their seats a few rows back. The pilots came over to greet me.
"Good afternoon, Miss Bianchi. I’m Chief Pilot Alfred Messina. I hope you have a pleasant flight with us!" Alfred gave me a warm smile.
"Hello and good afternoon, Miss Bianchi. I’m Co-pilot Max Graham. We are so happy to have you back home with us!" Max added.
I wrote in my notebook: 'Nice to meet you both, Alfred and Max. I hope it’s okay if I call you that? And please, call me Talia. I’m not a fan of formalities unless they're absolutely necessary. I’m sure it will be a great flight with you two in the cockpit! :D'
I turned the book around so they could read it. They both laughed. "Of course, Miss Talia, you can call us whatever you want!" Alfred said.
I quickly wrote: 'Please drop the "Miss" as well. It makes me feel stuck up. :-l'
"Okay, okay," they laughed. "We will do our best to give you a pleasant flight, Talia!" Max said before they headed to the front.
Then, two flight attendants walked up. Both of them gave a seductive wink to my brother. I frowned and turned the page.
'Don’t tell me you’ve been with one of them?' I wrote.
He read it and laughed. "No, Talia, don't worry. That isn't my style." I nodded, satisfied with his answer. Then, I wrote another note to the attendants.
'It’s okay, ladies, we know you want to give my brother a pleasant flight, but I suggest you stick to your assigned tasks. Other than that, you shouldn't bother your boss!'
I turned it around with an innocent smile. Both flight attendants blushed a deep crimson, gave a small bow, and quickly scurried back to their seats.
###Chapter 14.

Talia's pov

Some of the guards snickered and Leon just smiled brightly at me.

"I need to bring you with me for all my flights, that will keep the leaches away!" He chuckled.


I wrote.

'Or I can give you a t-shirt that say: Better stay away or I will release my rabiat baby sister on you;)'

I tuned it around and they all laughed at that.

"You think I can walk around with a t-shirt like that for many of my important meetings?" Leon chuckled which I just smiled and shrugged my shoulders.


The guards laughed "Talia it's good to have you home!" One of the guards smiled at me with chuckle.

"That's right, you have already made this man laugh and smile more then I have ever seen him in a decade in just a few house!" Another guard laughed as well.

I looked up at Leon with a big smile "They do speak the truth bambina!"Leon said wvith so much sincerity in his voice and a big smile on his handsome face.

My brother is truly handsome, he have midnight black hair, same ivy purple eyes as me, a straight nose, strong jawline,tall and muscular.
Not long after, we take off and then we are on our way home.

That makes me realize I don't even know where home is. I wrote on my notebook.

Sooooo justa quick question.... Where is home actually?

I turned it around and they all laughed "New York bambina" Leon laughed.


"You walked in on this plane not knowing where it's heading? Are you a daredevil?" One of the guards asked snickering.

And I wrote down.

Well.... I figured I would be safe with Leon here, but if not I would just have whooped all your asses and hijacked the plane and landed somewhere I would never be found again living peaceful the rest of my life!



I turned the notebook and shrugged with my shoulder, and they all laughed even Leon.

"You think you could take all of us on, then fly? Do you eyen know how to fly? Do you even know what type of plane this is?" One of the guards chuckled.


And I wrote

'Yes easily, we can test it when my injuries are healed! I do know how to fly yes and this is a Gulfstream G700 or am I wrong?

I turned it around and raise an eyebrow. Their jaw dropped. "First you are so on, I would love fo see you whoop our asses, and what do you
know of this plane?" the guard asked again.

'The G700 can fly up to 7,750 nautical miles at Mach 0.85 or 6,650nautical miles at Mach 0.90, with a maximum operating speed of Mach 0.935. The aircraft includes the Gulfstream Symmetry Flight Deck with active control sidesticks, an Enhanced Flight Vision System, and advanced cabin controls with tactile feedback. It is equipped with Rolls-Royce Pearl 700engines and an advanced wing and winglet design for optimal performance.'

I turned it around so they could read and even Leon looked shocked.

"What kind of girl are you?" one of the guards asked.

"Are you sure she is a girl, other than her looks, she have very tomboy attitude." another guard said which made me smile and cover my mouth bite my lips.

"Why do you do that?" Leon asked me out of the blue and I looked at him like I had a big question mark painted on my face.

"Cover your mouth and bite your lips when it looks like you are about to burst out laughing.


Oh that..

'Habit'

I wrote and looked out the window.


"Bambina please talk to me!" Leon pleaded, I looked at him and he looked truly curious.

'You won't like the answer Leon'

I just raise a brow to them and waiting for anyone to say something.

One of the guards picket me up from my seat and just hug me tightly.

"Cupcake, I'm so happy you are home now! You don't deserve any of that!"He said sniffing then another guard grabbed me and hold me tight.

"You are free from those people now Pumpkin, anid you are back home where you belong and we will all make sure you will always be treated right!" he said into my neck.

Then the third guard hold me tightly. "Sweet little Butterfly. you are seriously the strongest person I know!" he whispered in my ear.

Then the fourth and last guard held me "From now on our little Flower your life will be filled with laughter and joy and your will soon be comfortable enough to both show us your amazing grin and let us hear you laugh. Now I think Leon need a very good Talia hug" he said and I looked down on Leon and he looked like he were about to rip the plane to pieces.

He sat me down on the floor and I crawled up onto Leon's lap and just straddled him with my legs on either side of him, my arms around his neck and rested my head in'his neck and he quickly put his arms around me and hold me tight and also put his head in my neck.
###Chapter 15.

Leon's pov

After reading what Talia just wrote. I can understand she were hesitant.I don't like it one bit!

How could my piece of shit of a mother do this and let someone do this?

She had written a note to us, saying how she didn't want Talia connected to the mafia life because she didn't want her to be hurt then she go and let this happened.

I'm beyond pissed and the only thing that is keeping me calm right now is the fact that my sweet bambina is sitting on my lap!

She is holding me tight, but I think she have fallen asleep.

I lift my head and look down at her sweet sleeping face and I can't help the smile that appear on my face.

"I told you, sheis a miracle worker, Leon going from raging bull to smiling under 20 minute" One of the guard whispered next to us.

I looked up at them and just gave them a smile,because honestly they are right.

I looked back at the table and tear the page off her notebook and put it in my pocket, I don't want anyone else to read that.

"We all better keep that promise we made about be quiet about this! If she don't give us permission we won't utter a word!" I whispered looking at my men sterly and they all gave me a serious nod back.
Then one of the flight attendants walked up to us. "Mr Bianchi" She spoke a little to loud so Talia started to stir in her sleep, and this made the guards stand up and look at her with deadly looks.


"Mr Bianchi, we are about to land, Miss Bianchi need to sit back in her seat!" She kept talking loud.

Talia started to stir more in her sleep and were about to wake up.

"Shh bambina just go back to sleep" I whispered low in her ear.

She moved her hand and hold around my neck again and put her hand in my hair.

I chuckled looking down at her and she is back to be fast asleep.

Then I turned my look into a very deadly one myself and look up at the hoe that is waking up my bambina.

"Leave!" I whispered but with a murderous tone.

I saw she swallowed nervously then slightly nodded before turning around and scurried back to her seat.

The guards sat back down and I looked over at them with a smirk.

Talia truly have them already wrapped around her fingers, I even noticed how the nurses, the doctor and the police officers were towards her.

If they really care about her that much maybe I can find work for them here, the nurses and the doctor can be our personal staff, the police officers can either join the mafia or they can be moved here to work so they can visit her more often.
They had big smile on their faces when they saw Talia sleeping on my lap.

"I hope she had a pleasant flight and that the flight isn't the reason she is sitting on your lap Mr Bianchi?" Alfred whispered with a smile.

"Don't worry it's not cause of the flight, but next time maybe you should try to let her fly it, she say she can and she know a lot about the plane it's crazy" one of my man whispered back with a smile as well.

"Well I'm down with that, I would love to see if she can manage it!" Max whispered.

We all nodded with a smile "Oh and before we go, those attendants will never be hired by us again!" Another of my men whispered.

"Oh, any issues?" Alfred asked in a whisper.

"Well you could say one tried to make advances on the Don and pissed of this little angel and the other were about to wake her up right before we were about to land." the third of my man said in a whisper.

The pilot looked at me and I nodded back then they frowned.

"Don't worry, you will never see them again be sure of that!" Max whispered angry.


I nodded and then one of my men carefully lifted Talia of my lap so I could stand up properly and carry her better.

He gave Talia back to me when I stood up, and I carried her bridal style and one of my man made sure to bring her noteblock with us.

I had Talia leaning up against my chest and shoulder.



"It's crasu hout liaht gho.1
"Hopefully now that she is home under better conditions she can get to a healthy weight!" Another said.

"Yeah, the doctor said we just had to be patient with her, make sure she eat at every meal but not force food down her throat, if she is full she is full" I told them in a low voice.


They all nodded and we walked towards the cars, our driver hold the door open for me and Talia and the other guards got into the car in the back.

I sat down in the car still having a sleeping Talia on my lap.

I wvill let her sleep some more, and can wake her up when we get home.

I just sat there looking down on my sleeping bambina.

Then I heard my driver "Welcome home Don, good to finally see our princess back with us safe and sound" he said in a low voice not to wake up Talia.

I looked up into the rearview mirror, smiled and nodded back to him which he then returned.


The rest of the trip home I were just looking at Talia, yeah I know, what a creep I am, but I still can't believe she is home and in my arms.

We stopped right outside the front door and the driver came to open my door, I got out with her still in my arms and the driver looked at her wvith a smile on his face.


"She truly is sweet, and I'm beyond happy to have her back home!" he whispered looking at Talia.

"I completely agree with you Fabian" I said to our driver then the rest of
my men came too and we all headed inside.

All of us carefully made our way to the living room where most likely the rest of the family is sitting. and we were right on the money.


We entered the living room and some of them were about to shout but my men made a shush motion with their finger and the rest of the family carefully walked up to us.

They all looked at Talia sleeping, eoven Dante and Nico had small smile on their face and they were so against bringing her home.

"Is she okay!" Theo whispered looking worried at his twin sister. "Yeah.she is just sleeping" I whispered.

"Talia, you are home, please wake up and meet the rest of the family" I talked in a gentle tone.
###Chapter 16.

Theo's pov

I have been super anxious all day!

My baby sister is coming home, yes she is my twin but I'm still older than her.


What if she don't remember me, it's a big chance for that with hef being gone for 12 years.

We were all sitting in the living room trying to keep our cool but we are all so excited to have her home.


Even Dante and Nico despite they argued against it.

We have made sure her room look great and have the most essentials,then we can take her shopping tomorrow for everything else she may need!

We heard some footstep in the foyer and then suddenly Leon and his guards walked into the living room with a super tiny girl in Leon's arms.

Me and David where about to speak up but one of my brothers guard made a shush motion and we quietly walked up to them.

We all just looked at the sweet sleeping girl in Leon's arms.

But why is he carrying her, is something wrong with her?

"Is she okay?" I whispered looking worried at Talia. "Yeah, she is just sleeping" Leon whispered.

"Talia, you are home, please wake up and meet the rest of the family"Leon said in the most gentle tone I have ever heard him use.
I looked up at him shocked and I were not the only one, all of our brothers did.


"Talia, you need to wake up! Someone want to say hello to you!" Leon tried again still with a gentle tone.

I saw Talia started to stir a little and the rest of us took a few step back,we don't want scare her with a bunch of dudes up in her face when she wake up.

She open her eyes slowly then she blink a few times and I recognize her purple eye we all have!

It truly is my baby sister! She raise her head and look at all of us then she stop at me looking me straight into my eyes.

I feel tears forming in my eyes, Leon let her down gently and she run straight up to me jumping up and I catch her, she wrap her arms around my neck and legs around waist and hugging me tight.

I support her butt with one arm and hold around her back and head with my other arm.


I just started to sob like crazy and I feel my neck is getting wet so she is crying as well.

"You remember me" I whispered grateful and she just nod holding me even tighter.

I hear a lot of sniffles around the room and I see all my brothers have tears down their cheeks, even Leon's guards.

Then dad slowly walk into the room and his eyes lands on Talia and his eyes get filled with tears pretty fast.
"Dad is here and wanna say hey" I whispered to her, I don't want to let her go but I can't keep her all to myself.

She lift her head then she just look into my eyes. And no words is needed amongst the two of us, she is just as happy to see me as I'm her.

She then kiss my cheek then start to let go and I let her down gently.

She then turn around and looking straight at dad, and dad just start to cry even more than Talia run straight up to dad and jump as well and he catch her just like I did.

"oh mia doIce bambina" Dad cried into her neck holding her tightly.

(oh mia dolce bambina -oh my sweet baby girl)

She lean a bit out and dad holding both hands under her butt to support
her,not that she is heavy, she is light as a feather.

She look into dads eyes, then cup his face and wipe away his tears.

She smile then kiss both his cheeks and he kiss her forehead. This were something those two always did when she were younger.

She would always kiss his cheeks then he kiss her forehead.

It makes me so happy seeing she remember us and things she used to do!
It have not changed!

My bambina is finally home, I think I must be the happiest brother on this planet right now.

"Mia bambina, you remember us?" dad asked her with the biggest smile l have ever seen on his face, she nod then hug him tightly again.
"Okay now give me my bambina!" David said walking up to dad.

Talia look uup at dad then place a hand on his cheek then she reached her hands out for David to pick her up.

And David didn't hesitate to pull her into a big hug as well, she wrap her legs around his waist and arms round his neck.

"Oh bambina you are finally back home!" David said into her neck crying.

Talia tighten her grip on him I can see she is crying to, she is just not making any noise.


"Oh how I have missed you Talia! I'm so happy you are home!" He nod into her neck.


Then Aaron walk up to them, "Can I get a hug bambina?" He asks almost choking on his tears, Talia look up and nod and hold her hands out and Aaron don't hesitate as well.


Aaron just hold her tight for a long time. Then he lift his head from her neck and she does the same.


"Are you okay bambina?" Aaron asked her and she just nod again with a small smile on her.


"You want to hug Dante and Niklas too?" Aaron asked, Talia look over at them but then she look back at Aaron and shook her head.


Aaron frown as do we all "Why bambina?" Dad asked walking over to them.


She look at Leon, then losing up her grip on Aaron and he take it as a hint that she want down so he gently place her on the floor.
And Talia wvalk over to Leon and do a motion with her hand, but we can't see what since her back is towards us.


One of the guards give her something then she do something before Leon look down then he look at Dante and Nico with a murderous look.


"It's okay bambina let's go and have something to eat huh?" Leon said smiling back to Talia.

She tilt her head to the side then he give her a sad smile

"I know but you have to eat something" Leon said holding her cheek and I see Talia is taking a deep breathe then she nod.

And Leon is guiding her towards the dining room and the rest of us followed after.
###Chapter 17.

Arthur AKA dad's pov.

I can't believe Talia is back, I have held her in my arms so I know it is true but I still can't believe it!

But I noticed she don't talk at all and barely make any sounds.

I also noticed how she didn't want to hug Dante and Nico. I wonder what that was all about.

But now we are all following Talia and Leon into the dining room, let's have a good family dinner like we did before, now that I finally have all my kids back home.


When I walked into the dining room I see Leon is sitting at his end of the table and Talia is next to him and Theo on the other side of her.


At least then I know she will have good company. I also see Leon's guards is standing guard here in the dining room.


"Leon, is the guards really necessary?" I asked as I took my seat at the head of the other side of the table. I also noticed the guards stiffen when I mentioned them.


"Yes, they are very protective over Talia!" Leon said smirking over at his guards who smiles back with a nod at him.

Huh, what the hell have happened on this trip.

I truly kick myself for not answer that call myself, instead I gave it to my assistant who told the caller to call Leon.
Once we all are seated Miranda and her servants comes out with our dinner.

We all thank them for the food, then when Miranda give it to Talia. Talia is giving a smile and a great bow with her head.

"Oh aren't you such a sweetheart" Miranda awed at Talia for her behavior.

"Talia, here in this family we value respect, that means we all verbally thank Miranda and her helpers for the food!" Dante said sternly.

"Oh stop it Dante, did you know that the bow your sister just gave me is one that show deep respect for the receiver of the bow, much more respect in the bow she gave me, than a half mumbles of 'thank you' you press out everyday!" Miranda told Dante sternly.


Then Miranda put a hands on Talia's chin and lift it so Talia is looking into her eye.


"You do you honey, you are perfect just the way you are, and when you feel comfortable to talk you will, and I for one can't wait to hear your sweet voice when you are ready for it! So until then that bow is more than enough, even more respect than I probably deserve!" Miranda said then she brushed away a few tears that made its way down Talias cheeks then she kissed her head before she walked out.

Talia looked over at Leon, it were like he were able to read her eyes like Theo alway could when they were younger.


"I promise I didn't say anything, she is just good at reading people like you are" Leon tóld her with a smile and she gave a small smile and nod.

"Let us all start to eat our dinner before it get cold" I said with a happy tono looking ovor oll mu krida nnd c. all of thom smiling at me even
Talia.

Oh I never thought I would get this chance ever again.

We all started to eat, and after I had seen Talia had taken just a few bite of her pasta carbonara she were just moving it around on the plate.

I saw Theo whisper something to her then they just stare into each others eyes,you can see a few face expressions on them both like they have full blown conversations.

"I have actually missed watching that, even though I always feel left out!"Aaron chuckled looking at Theo and Talia have their own conversation.


Then Theo end up taking her plate and place his empty plate in her place and Talia give him a grateful smile.


"What now? Do she have a eating disorder or something? You know Talia it's pretty unattractive to be as thin as you are, honestly it's actually making me sick seeing you." Nico said and I felt rage burning deep in me.

He did not just say that to his sister!!

"Nico I suggest you shut up right now before I make you shut up!" Leon said in such a deadly tone it even gave me chills.

I saw Talia have tears in her eyes and Leon's guards all have moved a bit closer to Talia, they sure are protective of her.


"What do you want us to say Leon? She comes here don't talk, looks as thin as a twig I can break with one fist, this is not a place for a burden like her!" Dante shouted.


I slammed my hands in the table hard and stood up.
"YOU TWO MY OFFICE NOW!" I shouted to Nico and Dante.

I will not have my kids talk so disrespectful towards their sister!

"Where did Talia go?" Theo said looking around even under the table.

All of us started to look for her around in the dining room.

"What the.. She were just here, I didn't even hear she move" Aaron said shocked.

"That's because that's how she had to live" Leon said with a low voice but loud enough for us to hear it.

Then he turned to look at all of us especially Dante and Nico.


"If you two dumb fucks would have given her a little time to get used to living here maybe she would have been comfortable to let me share with you how fucked up her life have actually been! But NO, you two idiots just had to hurt her the second she came in the door!" Leon said in a menacing tone.

"How did we hurt her? She were the one that hurt us by not wanting to hug us!" Nico yelled.

"That my dear brother of mine is because she picked up on the negative vibe you two gave off towards her!" Leon said still with a menacing tone.

"What the fuck is that support to mean?" Dante shouted.

Leon looked at the guard holding a noteblook, the guard gave it to Leon.

He found the page she had written that only he and his men saw earlier,he ripped the page off before giving the guard the noteblook and left the naue on the table
"Let's go, you two check the security cameras and you two with me." He ordered his men then he left.

I walked over to the page and read it.

'Honestly I would love to, but it's like they give off a vibe that they hate my guts and want me far away from here to never see me again. So I don't gonna force them to spend time with me if they don't want to, hopefully they will come around later because I do miss Nico and Dante and I want nothing more then to run up into their arms.'

"Unbelievable you two!" I said before walking out to see if I can find my little bambina.
###Chapter 18.

Talia's pov

I quickly run out of the house as quiet as I could. guess the perks of the shitty life I have lived.

But I know I can't get out of the property unseen, they seem to have a pretty good andtight grid with guards, perks of being a mafia Don I guess.

I carefully walked around the house, then I saw a little greenhouse that looks like a good place to hide.

I'm not ready for another beating, especially from these guys they all look fucking buff. I would definitely die if they find me and start the beating.

I got into the greenhouse and found a dark corner and hide behind some big plants, hopefully they won't see me here. I were sitting here for a good while before I started to doze off.

David's pov

Why the fuck did my idiotic brothers have to say dumb shit like that?

First they should be happy she is home and safe with us,second how could they degrade her body like that?

Now we have been looking around the house for hours, we have also been outside the house looking around.

I just got my baby sister back and after maybe two hours she is gone again.

If we don't find her soon, I will personally kill Dante and Nico.

I walked up to the greenhouse, I don't think anyone of us have checked
here yet.

I walked in and quietly looked around, not seeing anything. I were about to walk out then I saw a very dark corner, she is pretty small so she could hide behind those plants so I walked over.

I let out a big sigh of relief when I see mia bambina sitting up against the wall, resting her head on top of her arms that is also on top of her knees.

I sent a message to everyone that I have found her.

I carefully picked her up bridal style and slowly walked out of the greenhouse and into the house everyone where waiting in the living room including a lot of the guards.

Dad and Leon rushed up to us looking at her for any injuries.

Then they both sigh in relief, "Let's put her to bed!" Leon said and me,Leon and Dad walked up to her bedroom.

"Leon, can you please tell me what mia bambina have been going through?" Dad asked very quiet.

Leon gave a heavy sigh "I'm sorry I gave her my word I would not tell, it's not my secret to tell" He said looking, over at Talia with such a sorry look.

Dad pinched the bridge of his nose while walking then he looked at Leon again.

"Okay canyou at least say how bad it have been from a scale from 1-10where 1 is not so bad and 10 is really bad." He asked quietly.

Leon stopped walking "Dad.. I can't..." he said weakly.


"Please that way vou don't tell us anvthing, it's just so I know how to be
around Talia and not let what happened today happen again!" Both me and dad stopped looking at Leon.

Leon gave a deep sigh "If 10 is the worse I would say a 15" He said before he started to walk again.

He took Talia out of my arms and walked into her bedroom.

Me and Dad just stood there in shock looking in the directions Leon just left.


I felt tears gather in my eyes again, oh my poor bambina.

What have you been through for Leon to say that?

I felt my chest tighten and I started to struggle to breathe.

Dad took his arm around my shoulder and gave it a good squeeze then we entered her bedroom quietly.


Leon was doing something to her face.

Without even looking around Leon spoke "Don't you ever tell her I showed you this,you have never seen it!" he whispered.

"She know I know because the doctor toldme about it, so if she ask I were the only one putting her to bed today" he whispered then looked around at me and dad and we both nodded.


"Promise!" He said sternly. "I promise." me and dad whispered in unison.


Then Leon nodded and carefully stood up, and I could see Talia laying on the bed in her jeans and sports bra.

I gasped when I looked at her. Her face and body full of bruises.
Her upper body have so many scars. everything from slash marks, stab wounds and gunshot wounds.

I cover my mouth muffling my sobbs. My poor bambina! What the hell have you been through?

I just want to go and hold her in my arms but I can't wake her up.

I see my dad is struggling to stand up right now. I take a grip on his arm and carefully guide him to her window seat.

After getting dad seated I carefully walk up to Talia's bed, looking down on her.


Some of her scars are very old and some very new, she also have so many different stages of bruises and some of them are almost black. She have been walking around with this?

"She have been living in hell, but you guys don't know about this! I'm sure she will tell you all when she is ready to share it and feel comfortable enough! Just give her time! Now let's let her sleep and I will set my two best guards outside her door so no one walking and see this. I know that would probably get some of them in line but she don't want that! So let us respect her wishes!" Leon whispered looking at Talia with so much sadness.


Dad stood up and walked up to me and Leon.

"Come, time to sleep, and you are right Leon" We all turned around and Leon messaged two of his guards. It didn't take long for them to be next to Talia's room.


"Guard this door, no one gets in! And I were the only one in there if Talia ask in the morningt" Leon whisnered out his orders.
They both nodded then took up their positions next to her door.

The rest of us headed to our own bedrooms to get some hours with sleep.
###Chapter 19.

Talia's pov

When I woke up I felt like I were sleeping on a cloud. I open my eyes and I saw I were in a bedroom.

I looked around and notice I do recognize the structure of the room, but it have gotten a little redecorating done to it.

This were my old bedroom and honestly makes me happy I get too have it back.


Then I noticed I'm just in my jeans and sports bra,meaning that someone have seen my upper body.

I just pray it's Leon because the doctor did tell him about it.

I got out of bed and headed into one of the doors there and so it was the walk-in-closet. I noticed my stuff have been unpacked and put in.

I get some clothes for the day, then headed to the bathroom.

I brushed my teeth, use the toilet, washed my hands before undress and took a long shower.

Then I got dressed in light blue low waist skinny ripped jeans, the purple tube top I got from Linda and a black hoodie that belonged to Kay, it even smelled like him.

I miss him.

I did my skincare routine Linda taught me then dried my hair before putting it up in a messy bun.
I put on makeup she also got for me to hide my bruises.

I put on a pair of socks then some black sneakers I also got from Linda.

I found my notebook and ripped out the page with the numbers I got from people yesterday to keep them safe together with the numbers to Linda, Kayden and Jacob.

I hid them in a pocket in one of my jeans that's still in my closet then I walked out.


When I walked out I saw two guards that were Leon's standing guard by my bedroom door.

At this point I'm just used to have guards following me, I got used to that having Kay and Linda with me the entire time as well as the police guarded me at the hospital the entire stay.

"Good morning Pumpkin, did you have a good sleep?"One of the guards asked, I looked up at him and nodded with a smile.

"Good to hear, breakfast will be served soon so maybe we should head down?" The other asked and I nodded to that as well.

Then I wrote.

'Okay, but I have a few questions first, mind if I ask?'

They looked at what I wrote, "You can ask us whatever you know that!"one of them said and the other nodded.


'First who put me in bed yesterday?'

The guards looked at each other then me "Leon put you to bed, then he ordered us to stav hare to mako cure no one enter" one of them ernlained..
which I nodded to.

'Do you mind telling me your names? I think it would be better to call you by the name and not guard 1,2,3,4 or stalker 1,2,3,4 O:-)'

Both of them laughed at this "Oh cupcake, you sure is something! My name is Charlie Doyle and i'm 24 years old" Charlie told me with a smile.

He have short chestnut hair, dark blue eyes, sharp jawline and a straight nose.


"My name is Jack Sullivan, I'm also 24 years old my sweet pumpkin" he said with a chuckle and I frowned at the nickname which made them both laugh.

He have short sandy blond hair, dark forest green eyes and a button nose,sharp jawline.

'Nice to officially meet you Charlie and Jack, so I take it you guys will be stalking me around?'

I wrote then smirked at them.

They both laughed "Nice to officially meet you as well Cupcake and yes we will, you are sadly now stuck with us" Charlie said and and just shot my hand up in the air like I just won the lottery.

They both laughed at that again, "So I take it you don't mind Pumpkin?"Jack asked amused, I just shook my head and wrote.

'No not at all, at least you guys is great company :D You take my jokes for what they are:)'

"We are happy to hear that cupcake, now let's go to get you some
breakfast" Charlie said putting a hand carefully on my shoulder and turned me around.


'Do I have to eat?, I'm not hungry!'

I looked up at them with a pout on my face.

"We know you struggle with food Pumpkin, but for your body to get used to it more you have to eat a little with every meal remember" Jáck looked at me with a sad expression and I just sigh in defeat and nodded my head.and Charlie took a hold of my notebook for me.


We walked down the stairs from the third floor to the dining room, and I saw all my brothers and dad sit there as well.

When I saw them all I quickly hid behind Jack and Charlie who looked at me worried.


Theo slowly stood up and walked over to me, he is like 20 cm taller than me so he had to bend down a little to meet my eyes properly.

"Bambina, I know yesterday scared you a lot, but trust me we won't let that happen again today or ever" He whispered so only I, Jack and Charlie heard it.

I carefully looked over at the table, then back at Theo and I felt tears already form in my eyes.

I where about to run away butI felt Theo put his arms around my waist then pulled me close to his chest.

"Please don't run away from me again, I were so scared yesterday when you disappeared on us." He whispered into my neck hugging me.
I just nodded my head, then he lifted me up bridal style.

He walked back to the table and sat down with me on his lap sideways so I faced the door and Leon and not the rest of the family.


"Is this okay?" he whispered and I just nodded resting my head on his chest.


"I hope you have had a good sleep for your first night home bambina!?"Dad asked in a gentle tone, I turned around a little putting a sweet smile on my face and nodded.

"Good, and we are all sorry for yesterday's drama by the dinner table"David said with a sweet tone, I looked at everyone except for Dante and Nico and gave them a smile and a nod.

Then Miranda came out with the breakfast and when she handed it to me I smiled and bowed deep with my head, "Oh honey, you sure are the cutest!" she said with a bright smile before hurried out.
###Chapter 20.

Aaron's pov

I have so many emotions having my sister back home.

And of course the biggest one is happiness! I'm over the moon having her home with us!

But I'm scared as well, mafia is not a easy business and it's 'also a dangerous one.

But also scared if she won't like me, we were always so close when we were young.


Hopefully she have not changed how she look at me. But seeing how she is so scared of us this morning it makes me so sad.

But I also noticed when David apologized on the behalf of us all she did not acknowledge Dante and Nico, so maybe that mean she accept our apology but not them.

I really want my baby sister to feel safe with us, I want her to like us all and enjoy her life home here with us.


After we all started to eat I saw she is jus staring at the food, she have not even touched it.

"Bambina, you know what we agreed on, a little food with each meal"Leon said looking at her worriedly. She carefully looked up at him from where she sit on Theo's lap.


Then she looked over at one of the guards that holds the notebook and she started to write.
'I know. but I'm allergic to all seafood'

Since I sit right next to Theo I could see what she wrote and then I look at the tuna salad that is standing right in front of her.

"What did she say Leon?" Dad asked.

"She is allergic to all seafood" He told them all.

That made Dante and Nico scoff a little too loud. "I'm sure that's just something she say to get attention and be babied like the brat she is!" Nico said annoyed.

Talia looked at them angry then down on her food. She picked up the fork then quickly took three fork full off food into her mouth and swallowed it then she wrote.


'Now, if I die they get their wish, and you can blame them!!!'

She wrote then got comfortable on Theo's lap. Leon looked at what she wrote then he looked with deadly eyes on Dante and Nico and they both started to look pretty axicons where they sat enjoying their food.

"Talia if you can't eat it why did you?" Dad asked and before she even needed to write anything Theo answered for her.

"To prove her point to the two idiots that constantly doubt her!" Daniel looked angry at his two brothers.

Talia started to have a labor breathing, and her skin started to become very red and itchy.

She also started to cough, she tried to clear her throat but ended up coughing more.
"Fuck, she have a serious allergy for it too. not just a mild one. I need to get her treated right away." David said running over to her and lifted her up bridal style before he. Theo and the guards ran to the medic wing of our house.


"You know Dante, Nico. I know you guys don't want her here, you think it's too dangerous for her here, but honestly then only danger she is facing is the two of you!" I said looking at them with so much anger.


"What was it she wrote after eating the food?" Dante asked looking down on his plate.


"She said 'Now, if I die they get their wish, and youcan blame them!'and she is right" Leon said angry.


"She shouldn't have to explain herself like that to anyone, if she say she can't have it you should just accept it and be happy she is home." Dad said in an angry tone.


"I'm honestly so disappointed in you guys, and now she think you guys rather want her dead then anything, good job as big brothers to keep you baby sister safe!" I said before standing up.


"Aaron, when David have made sure Talia is okay, I want you and Theo to take her out shopping, she will start school day after tomorrow so she need school supplies" Dad told me and I nodded with a smile.

"She also need a lot of new clothes. She don't have a lot so make sure she have everything she need and I mean anything and everything a girl may need! As well as a phone, laptop and all that! And use my card" Leon said handing me his card and I took it before heading out to the medic wing.

I walked into the room they were in and I could see her breathing isstill
bad.

"Is the medication not working?" I asked worried running over to her bed.
"It is, it just take some time to properly kick in" David answered.

I nodded then I looked at Talia "Please don't do anything this dangerous again just to prove a point!" I begged her, she looked at the guard holding her notebook then she wrote.


'How else am I gonna get those two to shut up?

I took a deep sigh "I know they have been difficult from the moment you got home yesterday, but don't let those idiots be the reason we lose our bambina for good this time" I took a hold of her hand and she gave me a nod.


"Okay, so you will start school day after tomorrow, so me, you and Theo will go to the mall to do some shopping for both school supplies and everything else you may need!" I told her and she frowned.

"What you don't like shopping?" David asked her amused and she quickly shook her head then frowned even more.


"I told you yesterday, you sure have a tomboy vibe to you" One of the guards laughed and she smiled too then covered her mouth and bite her lower lip.

"You know it's okay if you laugh, we all would love to hear you beautiful voice and laughter" Theo told her with a sweet smile on his face but he also looked sad.


The he looked over to the guards with a look I can't decipher and we all looked over at them as well.
They looked at us and took a deep breathe.

"Well.all we can say is that she have a very valid reason for why she behave the way she do, and when she will feel comfortable she will open up" One of the guards said looking at her with sad eyes.

I looked at Talia and she looked like she just let out a breathe she were holding.

"So you guys know what she have been through?" Theo asked them curiously.

"Yes we do, but we have all made a promise not to tell no matter what!And that is a promise we will take with us to our grave." Another of them said.
###Chapter 21.

Theo’s POV
Seeing my sister suffer such a severe allergic reaction terrified me. I was a little upset that she had done that to herself, but I also understood why. It was the only way to make Dante and Nico shut up.
It also bothered me that her guards knew more about what she had been through than I did. She’s my twin, for God’s sake. I should be the one helping her.
Once the medication finally kicked in and she was stable, Leon walked into the room.
"Hey, bambina, how are you feeling?" he asked, looking at her with concern. She just smiled and gave him a nod.
"So, you’re doing better?" he pressed. She nodded again.
"Good. Now that you’re heading out, I want these four guards to follow you. From now on, they are your personal security detail. Is that okay?"
Talia looked at the guards, a smirk playing on her lips before she wrote: 'Of course. No problem. I can take your four stalkers off your hands.'
We all laughed, and the guards looked genuinely happy with the decision. Then she added: 'But PLEASE, can they dress in casual clothes? And if I hear any of them call me "Miss," I will personally kick their butts.'
She turned the notebook around, and we erupted in laughter again.
"Sure, bambina," Leon agreed. "From now on, unless it’s a formal occasion, they’ll be in casual clothes. And I think they got the memo about the 'Miss' thing yesterday, right?" The guards nodded enthusiastically.
"Alright, you guys go change," I said, and they hurried out. Talia then looked at Leon and wrote: 'The note I wrote about my past... do you still have it?'
Leon nodded solemnly.
'Please, I want to show it to these brothers. But not Dante or Nico—they don’t deserve to know yet. I’m not looking for sympathy; I just want them to understand why I am the way I am. You can show it to Dad after we leave.'
Leon read the note, then looked at her. "Are you sure?" he asked. Talia nodded with determination.
Leon pulled a folded piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to me. Aaron and David crowded around as I unfolded it.
“You see, my mother wasn't kind, but Gregor and his daughter were monsters. I wasn't allowed to make a single sound, ever. I did all the chores, cooked, and cleaned. If I made a noise, I was punished—beaten, cut, or worse. On Gregor's darkest days, he treated me like property, handing me over to his cruel associates to be used and tormented. If I cried or made a sound, the pain only got worse.
At school, his daughter Scarlette made sure I was constantly bullied. If I reacted, she’d tell Gregor, and I’d face another night of terror. If I ever smiled, it was another reason for them to hurt me. If I managed to stay silent and invisible for three days, I was lucky if they gave me a single slice of bread to eat.”
Tears rolled down my cheeks uncontrollably. I had always imagined she was living a happy life after Mom took her away. She said she was keeping her safe, but this was a nightmare.
It made me even more furious at Dante and Nico for their comments. I rushed to Talia’s side and pulled her into a fierce hug. She simply rested her hands on me, stroking my back while I sobbed. When I finally let go, Aaron hugged her tightly, followed by David.
After a moment, she wrote: 'Please, keep this a secret. Like I said, Dante and Nico don't deserve to know. I don't want them to change out of pity; I want them to accept me for who I am.'
"I promise your secret is safe with me," I said, taking her hand.
"I promise too," Aaron added.
"I promise as well, bambina," David said, his eyes red. "I suppose this explains why you eat so little. You’ve been starved for years, haven't you?" Talia gave a small, sad nod.
"It’s important that she eats a little with every meal, but we can’t force her if she says she’s full," Leon reminded us, and we all agreed. Knowing the truth changed everything. We were going to make sure she got better.
"Before you go, do you have any other allergies we should know about?" David asked.
Talia picked up her pen: 'Seafood, nuts, and house dust are the big ones. I also have intolerances to eggs, flour, and cow's milk. I can have them in small amounts, but I have to be very careful.'
"Got it. We’ll let Miranda know," Leon said. "You three enjoy your shopping. I’m sure the guards are waiting for you downstairs."
Talia started to get out of bed, but I hurried over and scooped her up. She looked at me, confused.
"Please, let me spoil my bambina," I said with a pout. She smiled brightly and nodded.
When we reached the foyer, the four guards were waiting. Talia grabbed her book and wrote: 'Okay, Charlie and Jack already told me their names and ages. Do the other two mind introducing yourselves, so you won't be "Stalker 1 and 2" for the rest of our lives?'
The guards, Aaron, and I all burst out laughing.

###Chapter 22.

Talia's pov


"Okay so my name is Ken Wayne, I'm 27 years old little butterfly!" Keven smiled and I frown at another dumb nickname and the rest laughed.


'Nice to properly meet you Ken :D'

"You too little butterfly" he smirked and I frowned but had a smafl smile on my face.

He have short black hair, hazel brown eyes, straight nose and a sharp jaw.

"I'm Alan Bellard and I'm 26 years old little flower!" Alan said with another dumb nickname I just ended up facepalm myself at the nickname and shook my head with a smirk.


"I'm glad you are accepting our new names for you little flower" Alan smirked.


He have champagne brown hair, sea green eyes, button nose and sharp jawline.

Honestly everyone in this house I have seen till now is like 170+ cm tall and super muscular, they are all giant's compare to me, same with Kay.

'Well it's nice to meet you all and you four will be the only ones that is allowed to give mne such ridiculous nicknames xD Consider yourself special and super lucky!'

My four guards as well as Theo and Aaron both laughed at that.

"Okay let's go" they said and we all headed out. They guards got into one
car as me and Theo got into Aaron's Audi A8.

I got comfortable in the back and we were on the way to the mall.

During the ride I were pretty quiet, well can you blame me? It's pretty annoying to write everything.

When we got closer to the mall. Theo turned around from the passenger seat to look at me.


"Okay, I get you may not want us to buy everything, but we promised Leon to pamper you with everything you may need, so don't try to argue with us on anything, just let us buy whatever because we have 12 years of spoiling to do catch up on, so please promise us you will not interfere!"Theo said in a stern voice but also a smirk on his face.


I took a deep sigh and then nodded.

"I need you to write it down so we have on black and white" Theo said smirking and I just facepalmed myself again, way to use my mute situation to their advantage.

'I promise, I will let you pamper me how YOU TWO want and I will not argue or interfere in any way!

I wrote and turned the book for he to read it.

"Good, now hand me the page!" He said holding out his hand and I did as I were told.


"Thank you bambina, now time to show you how a princess is being taking care of!" He said before turning back around and I just let out a deep sigh which made both Theo and Aaron laugh.
We arrived at the mall and waited a few minutes for my guards then we started to head in. "So it will be interesting to see how much of a fight she will put up!" Jack said chuckling.

"Oh don't worry" Theo said and holding up my promise "She have promised not to do so" he smirked and my guards laughed.

"Good this will be fun, hope you are ready to drown in new clothes and other stuff your brother deem important." Charlie said laughing.

"Oh and if you guards alsosee something you think she may need please let us know!" Aaron said serious but also had a smirk on his face looking at my guards who all smiled brightly and nodded and I just let out another defeated sigh which everyone laughed at again.

First we got all my school supplies, then they started with clothes,when they walked into 'Victoria secrets' I kinda just stood there and just wanted the floor to swallow me whole.


But that didn't stop my brothers or guards to buy mne a ton of underwear.lingerie and pj and whatnot in here. I think they understood I were not comfortable atall so they let me just stand here, but they all kept their eye on me.

After they all had filled up one BIG bag EACH of stuff we headed out,Jack and Charlie went to the car with the stuff while me, Theo, Aaron,Ken and Alan went into another store and told them where we went so they would meet us there.


In the next store they did the same, They all just walked around, picked everything they think I would look good in, and I'm not gonna lie I feel they bought the entire store.
When we were done there and Charlie and Jack got back Ken and Alan went out with the new stuff we got.

And we got to the next store. And this were how things went on for a few hours.


We went into almost all thestores in the mall, they also got me the newest samsung, and laptop,a smartwatch.

They got me stuff for my hair, also all kind of tools for my hair.

At a makeup store a lady working there got me lots and lots of makeup.

We also got into a store to get some stuff for my room, a bookstore to get books, and more notebooks for me to write in.


After a while we got to the food court and the guys were hungry.

I just wanted a chicken sandwich also knowing I won't be able to eat all of it.


After they were all done eating we continued on this torturous journey through the mall, and as I promised I just kept my mouth shut and didn't interfere.


Then a few more hours later we finally got home and I were so exhausted.


Some of the guards stationed around at home as well as my guards and two brothers carried everything up to my room, and I were not allowed to carry anything.


Myself, Theo, Aaron and my guards used a few more hours to get everything sorted out. Now my closet is full of clothes, my bookshelf have some books, my vanity dešk have lots of makeup and stuff like that.
Charlie put up some of the pictures we got, my bathroom cabinets have gotten a lot of stuff in them too. A few blankets have been placed in my window seat, as well as some been placed in a basket on the floor next to my balcony door.

Theo is setting up my electronic devices for me to use. And the rest of us is just chilling talking and joking or of course I'm just writing to them.

Then when Theo is done we head down for dinner.

Let's just pray this will go better than yesterday's dinner.
###Chapter 23.

Talia’s POV
When we entered the dining room, everyone was already there. I looked over at Dad, then the rest of my brothers. At least Leon, David, Dad, Aaron, and Theo had smiles on their faces.
"So, bambina, how did the shopping go?" Dad asked excitedly. I let out a heavy sigh of defeat, which made my guards, Theo, and Aaron laugh.
"It went great! We were able to get her lots and lots of stuff," Aaron said proudly.
"Of course, she wouldn't waste an opportunity to spend other people's money," Nico scoffed. Honestly, I wasn't even bothered by his stupid comments at this point.
"For your information, dear brother of mine, she was against the whole trip altogether," Aaron shot back, looking at Nico with an angry expression. "We had to make her write a promise not to interfere. Talia is a girl of her word; she kept her promise, but I could see it in her eyes—every time we picked something up, she was internally begging us not to!"
I looked over at Nico and saw a flicker of guilt on his face, though he masked it quickly.
"From now on, Dante and Nico, if you two don't have anything nice to say about your sister, I suggest you don't speak at all!" Dad said sternly.
Miranda came out with the food. Everyone else had a seafood dish, but I was served chicken. I gave her a grateful smile and a bow; she kissed the top of my head and walked out. We enjoyed the meal in peace until I finished. Then Theo, Aaron, and David started arguing over who would get my leftovers. Leon ended the debate by taking them himself, making my other brothers complain while Dad chuckled at their antics.
"By the way, everyone, the rest of the family will come tomorrow for lunch and dinner," Dad said with a big smile. "They are all so excited to see mia bambina again."
"You remember them as well?" Dad asked. I nodded.
"She remembers all their names," Leon explained for me. "She just doesn't remember which brother belongs to which aunt and uncle."
"That’s fine. I’m sure they’ll explain all of that tomorrow," Dad said. Leon also updated me on some family changes—Aunt Alise and Emmanuel were no longer together, and Emmanuel had remarried a woman named Julia, who had passed away, leaving behind an adopted son named Declan.
My brothers and dad kept the conversation going, occasionally slipping into Italian to discuss Mafia-related business. They still didn't know I spoke it fluently or that I already knew who they were, so I just pretended not to understand. After dinner, exhausted from the mall trip, I headed to my room and fell asleep quickly.
(Content Warning: Trauma/Nightmare)
The darkness of a nightmare soon swallowed me. I was back in that cold car, forced inside by Gregor. It was one of his "bad days." He had forced me into that tiny, humiliating red dress, treating me like an object rather than a human being.
"Stay silent," he had hissed in my ear, his grip bruising my arm as he dragged me through a door. Every man we passed looked at me with predatory eyes, as if I were nothing but a piece of meat. I felt the crushing weight of worthlessness. I wondered if I would ever be seen as more than something for others to use for their own twisted pleasure.
We reached the end of a long, dark hallway. Gregor knocked, and we entered a room where Cillian Walsh—the leader of the Irish Mafia—was waiting. I remembered him as my worst nightmare. His eyes scanned me with a sickening lust that made my skin crawl.
In the dream, I felt the utter helplessness of being trapped. I remembered the cold touch of his hands and the absolute violation of my dignity as I was forced to submit to his cruelty. I was a prisoner in my own body, forbidden from making a sound, forced to endure the darkness of that room while my spirit was being shattered. The memory of the pain and the sheer terror of being treated as property felt so real, so suffocating.

I shot up in bed, gasping for air, my heart hammering against my ribs.
Oh, thank God. It was just a nightmare.
I sat there trembling, clutching my chest as I tried to calm my racing pulse. I looked at the digital clock on my bedside table. It was 2:47 AM. The room was quiet and safe, but the shadows of the past still lingered in the corners.
###Chapter 24.

Talia’s POV
I took a deep breath and stood up. I needed a glass of water to clear the lingering shadows of my nightmare. Wrapping a blanket over my shoulders, I headed out of my room, only to be met by my two bodyguards. I was suddenly glad I hadn’t washed off my makeup yet.
"Little Flower, what are you doing up at this hour?" Alan whispered. I went back inside, grabbed my notebook, and wrote: 'Bad nightmare. I just need a glass of water before I go back to sleep.'
"How are you feeling? Do you want to talk about it?" Ken asked, his eyes filled with worry. I shook my head. 'No, not right now. Maybe another time.'
They both nodded, and we made our way down to the kitchen. It was a good thing they were with me; I would have surely gotten lost in this massive estate. Ken pointed out the right cabinet when I looked for a glass, and I gave him a small smile of thanks.
I was sitting at the kitchen island, sipping my water, when Dante suddenly stumbled in. I could tell immediately that he was both drunk and high. The sight alone triggered a flood of bad memories. When his eyes landed on me, they flared with an intense rage.
He walked toward the island. Ken and Alan tensed, ready to intervene, but I held up a hand to tell them to stay back.
"Why the heck did you have to come back here?" he growled, his voice thick and slurred. "Life was easier without a burden like you. You aren't wanted here, Talia. You should have stayed with your mother. You think we need you here? You're just a liability. It’s your fault we lost our mother all those years ago! If it hadn't been for you, she’d still be here."
He was inches from my face now. His breath, smelling of bourbon and weed, hit me like a physical blow. It made me feel sick to my stomach. Tears threatened to spill, but I blinked them away, refusing to let him see me cry.
Ken and Alan rushed forward. Alan scooped me up bridal-style. "You should think twice about what you're saying, Mr. Bianchi," Ken said, his voice cold with anger. "You don't know her story."
Dante scoffed. "And you do?"
"Yes. Now, have a 'pleasant' night. I don't think Leon will be happy to hear about this in the morning," Ken shot back. Alan carried me out of the kitchen while Ken grabbed my glass of water.
"Please, Little Butterfly, don't listen to him," Ken whispered once we were back in the safety of my room. "He has no idea what you’ve been through. What he said was cruel and completely wrong."
They followed me inside, and Alan set me on the bed. He went to the bathroom and returned with a wet cloth. He reached out to clean my face, but I stopped him. If he did that, he’d see the truth. I took a deep breath and let the blanket fall, sitting there in only my sports bra. I slowly began to wipe away the makeup concealing my bruises.
When I was finished, they both stared at me in horrified silence, tears welling in their eyes. Alan took my hand and helped me stand so they could see the full extent of the scars and bruises.
"How could anyone do this to a person?" Ken whispered, his voice breaking. They traced the marks with trembling fingers, their touch incredibly light.
"How are you walking around with a smile while carrying all this pain?" Alan asked, his hand cupping my cheek. That was the breaking point. I finally crumbled, the tears flowing freely.
Alan pulled me into a tight hug and sat down with me on the window seat. "Do you want me to get Leon?" Ken asked softly. I nodded against Alan’s chest.
A few minutes later, the door opened. Leon was there. He immediately took me from Alan’s arms, holding me tightly. I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist, burying my face in his shoulder.
"What happened?" Leon asked, his voice low and dangerous. As I sobbed, Ken and Alan explained everything—the nightmare, Dante’s verbal attack, and the scars they had just discovered. I cried until exhaustion took over, eventually falling asleep in my brother's protective embrace.
###Chapter 25.

Leon’s POV
I had only managed a few hours of sleep when a knock at my door woke me. I knew it had to be important. Opening it, I found Ken looking deeply troubled.
"I'm sorry to wake you, Don, but Talia needs you," he whispered.
I didn't waste a second. I followed him to Talia's room and found her on Alan’s lap, sobbing uncontrollably. I took her into my arms, and she clung to me as if I were her only lifeline.
"What happened?" I demanded, looking at the two men tasked with her safety.
As Talia cried into my shoulder, Ken and Alan recounted the night's events. They told me about Dante’s intoxicated tirade—how he called her a burden and blamed her for our mother leaving. Then they told me about the bruises and scars they had seen when she wiped away her makeup.
I was beyond furious. Even without her traumatic past, no one should ever speak to their sister that way. I felt Talia’s body go limp as she fell asleep in my arms. I laid her down, but she wouldn't release her grip on my shirt. I signaled for Ken and Alan to return to their posts, and I lay down beside her, eventually drifting back to sleep.
I woke up around 8:00 AM, carefully extracted myself from the bed, and went to get ready for the day. It was Sunday—a family day—but the air felt heavy. I showered and dressed in a three-piece Armani suit before heading downstairs.
In the living room, I found Dad, David, and Aaron. I told them what Dante had said. I kept the details about the scars to myself for now, as Aaron still didn't know the full extent of them.
"How could he say such messed-up things to her?" Aaron asked, shocked.
"It wasn't her fault Bianca left," Dad said, his voice thick with disappointment.
"She must have been heartbroken," David added sadly.
"She cried herself to sleep," I told them. They all nodded in grim understanding.
A little later, Talia walked in with her four guards. She went straight to Dad and sat on his lap. I could see the pride and happiness on his face, a small light in a dark morning.
When Theo, Dante, and Nico arrived, we moved to the dining room. Dad carried Talia and kept her on his lap during lunch. Miranda brought out a spread of eggs, bacon, and sausages. Talia gave her the usual polite bow, which made Miranda beam.
During the meal, I caught Dante staring at Talia with a blank expression. "Dante, my office. After breakfast," I said, my voice cold and firm.
He looked startled, then shot an angry glance at Talia, but she kept her eyes fixed on her plate. Once we finished, Dante followed me to my office. I sat behind my desk and stared him down.
"Dante, tell me," I began, my tone disappointed and stern. "Why are you treating Talia this way? You know she isn't to blame for our mother leaving."
Dante swallowed nervously but then flared up. "She lived with our mother while we couldn't! We've been here training every day for this life, and now this fragile girl walks in and has everyone wrapped around her finger! It’s not fair. We had a hard life while she lived like a normal kid!"
I looked at him, realizing just how little he knew of the "normal" life she had supposedly been living.
###Chapter 26.
Dante’s POV
I truly hated that she just walked back in here thinking everything would be fine now. Deep down, I was happy she was back home—I had missed mia bambina more than I could admit—but I also felt this deep resentment because her absence felt like it cost us our mother.
After speaking my mind to Leon to explain how I felt, I hoped he would understand. This life is no place for a girl; the Mafia is dangerous and unforgiving.
"I think you are too quick to jump to conclusions without knowing what her life was truly like," Leon said, looking me straight in the eyes. "Look at the facts, Dante. She is dangerously thin, she struggles to eat, and she is terrified of making a single sound. Have you noticed she eats in complete silence?"
I was taken back. "I noticed she was thin, but I thought it was on purpose... you know, how girls think it’s sexy these days. And I thought her silence was just her thinking she was better than us."
Leon looked at me with profound disappointment. "I promised Talia I wouldn't share her story with you and Nico because she believes you haven't earned the right to know it—and I agree. With how you’ve been acting, she’s afraid you'd use it against her. She wants you to like her for who she is, not because you feel pity for her past."
That hurt. He didn't trust us. But as I looked at my lap, I realized... he was right. I hadn't given either of them a reason to trust me.
"I’m also scared she’ll disappear again," I said, my voice cracking. "It hurt too much last time. I don't want to open my heart just to have it shattered again."
Leon sighed. "I know you're scared, Dante. But pushing her away only increases the chances she’ll want to leave." His voice was unusually soft.
"She’s changing you, Leon," I said with a small smile.
"I’m happy for it. It’s time this house had some warmth again," he replied. "As punishment for your behavior last night, you’re finishing these files by the end of the day while I spend time with her."
It was a fair punishment. Hours later, while putting finished files into Leon’s safe, I saw a piece of paper from Talia’s notebook. Curiosity took over. I opened it and read.
My heart broke into a million pieces.
“Gregor and his daughter were monsters. I was never allowed to make a sound. If I did, I was beaten, cut, or worse. On his worst days, he treated me like property, handing me over to his cruel associates to be tormented and broken. If I cried or made any noise, it only got worse. At school, I was bullied, and if I ever showed a smile, I faced more terror when I got home. I lived like a doll, lucky to get a slice of bread once every three days.”
I staggered back, the note trembling in my hand. Mia bambina had been living in hell, and only hours ago, I told her she had a better life than us. I felt like the worst brother in existence.
"You weren't supposed to read that," Leon’s voice startled me. He was standing right there, looking stern.
"I’m a dick," I choked out, tears streaming down my face. "I don't deserve to call myself her brother."
"Don't say that," Leon said, putting a hand on my shoulder. "Focus on making it right. Wash your face—the rest of the family is arriving for lunch. Treat her better, but don't be obvious about what you know. She needs to feel accepted, not pitied."

###Chapter 27.

Talia's pov

This morning after breakfast me, Theo, Leon, Aaron and David have been chilling watching lots of movies.

It's been pretty fun actually and now we are waiting for the rest of the family to come and meet me and have lunch with us.

I have to say I'm pretty nervous, and I hope they all likeme.

Dad came walking into the cinema room and told us to get into the living room so we stood up and walked in.

"I have also told them about you being mute for the time being so they will not make a deal out of that, and if anyone is giving you a hard time tell me or one of your brothers bambina!" Dad said holding one of my hand in his and one of his hand on my cheek and I just smiled and nodded.


Not long after we heard the door open and I carefully made my way to the back behind all my brothers.

I actually ended up standing behind Dante, somehow he don't give of the murderous vibe anymore so I kinda feel safe with him.

"Where is mia bambina?" I heard a older man's voice. I took a step closer to Dante and took a grip of his shirt he have on.

He looked behind him and I looked up at him with wide eyes and he gave me a warm smile back.

"Talia?" dad asked and I walked even more into Dante.
"She have probably gone to hiding again to get attention!" Nico saíd annoyed and Dante smack the back of his head which made me let out a very quick chuckle.

All my brothers turned around to look at me with big smile on their faces,Dante even turned around and picked me and lifted me up with a bright smile on his face.


"Bambina you just chuckled!" He said with so much happiness in his voice and hugged me tight and I hugged him tight as well.

"That is the best sound I have ever heard, and I can't wait to hear more from you!" He whispered before kissing my temple.

Then he sat me down and all my brothers looked at Dante shocked including dad.

"What? Can't a brother be happy for his little sister" Dante said in a shocked voice as well.

This resulted to everyone of my brothers other then Nico to laugh.

"Now move aside I need to see mia bambina" A elderly woman said happily and I know it's nona.

I made my way from behind my brothers and started running to Grandma then I hug her tightly.


"Oh sweetheart it's sogood to have you back home!" she said kissing me all over my face.

I put my hand on her cheek and nodded happily and she hugged me tight again. Then papa came to join the hug.
"Oh bambina, how I have missed you!" papa said, I pulled away from the hug and put a hand on both my grandparents cheeks with so much warmth shining from my eyes, tears running down my face.

I kissed both Nona and Papa on their cheek and they both pulled me back into a big hug again.

"Okay you guys, time to share some love with the rest of us mom,dad!"One of my uncles said.

"Okay so she remember everyone's names but not what aunt and uncle they belong to so what if you all introduce yourselves as a family from oldest to youngest,how does that sound bambina?" Dad said smiling and I nodded my head with a big smile on my face.

"Okay. I will then start, I'm you oldest uncle, do you remember my name?"he asked.


He have hazel short hair, same ivy purple eyes as dad, my brothers and me, he have a straight nose and everyone here is about 170+ cm tall and muscular. I nodded and Jack gave me my notebook.

'You'r uncle Andrew and you are married to aunty Alice'

I turned around the book and they both nodded "correct honey" aunty Alice said and they both came walking up to me hugging me tightly.

Aunty Alice have dirt blond shoulder long hair, sea green eyes and a cute button nose. She is a very small woman but still about 10 cm taller than me.


Then somneone cleared their throat and my aunty and uncle let go of me and I saw a tall man maybe at Dante's age or a year older.
He have his father short hazel brown hair and same eyes as me, a button nose and a strong jawline. I took my book and wrote.

'Nathan right?'

He read it and a big smile broke out on his face and he run up to me and hugged me tight as well. "Oh I'm so happy bambina, you are finally home and you remember us!" he whispered in my ear and I just nodded into his neck.


He pulled away and looked at me with tearyeyes then kissed my forehead."Welcome back home bambina" he said with so much warmth and love in his voice.


Then the next person were a guy with dirty blond hair, forest green eyes,same familiar strong jawline as the rest of my family and a straight nose.He looked to be same age and Dante or a year younger.

'Michel?'

He read it and smiled brightly holding his arms open for me to come and hug him and I run jumped and wrapped my arms around his neck and legs around his waist. How I have missed my family.

Michel let me down and another guy around Aaron and Davids age were ready to greet me. He have dirty blond short hair, hazel brown eyes,strang jaw and button nose.


'Kieran'

"Yes bambina" he said hugging me tightly and I hugged him back!"You have been so missed and thank god you are home with us safe and sound!"he said with teary eyes..
Next in line were a guy with dirty blond short hair as well,hazel brown eyes, sharp jaw and button nose. He looked to be Kayden's age.

'Joshua?'

I smiled up to him and he came running lifting me up and hug me so tightly. I honestly felt some pain in my broken ribs but I don't want to ruin this moment with my family. So I just hug him tightly back.


"Thank you for coming back home to us bambina! Life have not been the same without you!" He said cupping my face, we both have tears running down our face and he kiss my forehead.

###Chapter 28.

have you home with us!" he said and I hold a hand on his cheek and kissed his other cheek.

Then I saw a guy with hazel brown hair, same eyes as me, button nose and strong jawline.

'Kevin!'

I looked up at him with a big smile and he returned the smile before he run up to me and hugged me tightly.

"I'm so happy you remember me bambina, I have felt so incomplete without you in my life!" he whispered into my ear and I looked up at him and wiped his tears with my thumbs, and he did the same with me.

Then I saw a pair of twin boys that looked the age to Nico, buat they gave out the same vibe as Nico have. So I don't want to hug them.

I do remember them though, Colo have sun blond hair,stormy gray eyes,straight nose and strong jawline, and Zachary have caramel brown hair,same eyes as me and button nose.


'It's good to see you again, Cole, Zach, I understand you are not happy to have me back so I won't force a hug on you, but nevertheless it's good to see you both.'

I teared off the paper and handed it to them then walked up to my last uncle.


He also have hazel brown short hair, same eyes as mine, straight nose,strong saw and tall and muscular.

'Uncle Em'
"Yes bambina" he said with a big smile, holding his arms out for me and I ran, jumped and hugged him tightly.

"Oh sweetheart-you have grown into such a beautiful young lady!" he said with so much emotions. I look into his eyes before hugging him tightly again.

Then next in line is a guy also wwith hazel brown hair, sea blue eyes, button nose and strong jawline.

'Brandon?'

"Oh mia bambina, you are finally home" he lifted me up with such a big smile on his face and hugged me tightly.

"How I have missed you honey!" he said into my neck, I pulled away from the hug and first pointed at me then at him. "You have missed me too?" he asked with a even bigger smile and I nodded which made him hug me tightly again.

Next we have a guy with dirty blond hair, same eyes as me,button nose and strong jawline.

'Zane?'

"Oh you know it bambina" He said hugging me tightly I hugged him tightly as well then I wrote.

'Why do I get womanizer vibe of you? xD'

I showed it to him with a smirk and he burst out laughing. "Oh Talia,nothing get past you huh?" he said with a big grin on his face, and I just shook my head with a smile on mine as well.
Next we have a set of twins, I do remember them though. Adam have dirty blond hair, sky blue eyes, straight nose, strong jawline.

Bryan have hazel brown hair, same eyes as me, button nose and strong jawline.

'The twin's Adam and Bryan :D'

"You got that right bambina" they both said in unison then they both run up hugging me tightly. "I can't wait to watch over you at school, you are too beautiful, gotta keep all the creep away from you" Adam said with a big smile and Bryan happily nodded at that.

Then the last person I remember my family told me about him yesterday.

He have sun blond hair, amber brown eyes, button nose and he also have a strong jawline. He is also very muscular and tall like every other giant in my family.


'Declan? Welcome to the family, I hope everyone in the family is treating you well, and I have a feeling me and you will become great partners in crime! And I can't wait to get to know my new brother more! It's so nice to meet you!'

I turned my book so he could read it and he started to get tears in his eyes.

"What the fuck did you just tell him, you make himcr..." Nico get cut off by Declan run up to me and pulled me into a very good and tight hug which I return.

"Thank you bambina" he said with teary eyes and kissed my forehead and I cupped his face and wiped away his tears and he did the same for me.

"I'm so grateful for your acceptance" he said with so much emotions.I
smiled wide to him and pulled him into another tight hug.

We let go of each other but turned around and saw so many people wiping their eyes and faces. Declan hold around my waist, holding me tightly still.

'Should we go and get something to eat before lunch get cold?'

I turned it around and almost everyone started to chuckle at that "Yes let's go and eat" dad said with a huge smile then kissed my head when he walked out of the living room.

When we got to the dining room I ended up sitting next to Dante and Declan, I just pray they accept the fact I don't eat too much.

And I'm happy that Dante have change a bit, I guess the talk he had with Leon helped him a bit.

Miranda and her helpers served the food and I got a chicken salad while the other had a shrimp salad.


I smiled and bowed my head to Miranda who smiled brightly back to me.Nona and Papa looked proud at me.

"Oh it's so good to see someone show someone so much respect, I'm so proud of you bambina" Nona said wiping a tear. I looked confused at my grandparents.
###Chapter 29.

Talla's pov

"The bow you gave to Miranda, It's truly one of deep respect, your brothers can learn a thing or two from youl" papa said with a big smile and I turned my head to my right looking up at Dante and saw he already looking at me smiling and I smirked.

"Yeah yeah yeah, I have learned my lesson" he sald thenhe booped my nose which made everyone laugh.

"Oh what is the story there?" Uncle Em asked curlously.

"You see her first day here, she came a little before dinner time, when we had dinner Talia gave Miranda the same bow. Dante and Nico were pretty rude to Talia for not verbally thanking her for the food,but Miranda told them off and said Talia show more respect with that bow then Dante's muffled 'thank you's every day" Aaron said with a chuckle.

Everyone laughed at that. I saw Dante turn a little red so I just put a hand on his cheek and gave him a sweet smile, and he put a hand over mine I have on his cheek and leaned into my hand a little before he kissed my hand.

"Well I'm truly sorry for everything I have said, I wish I could take it all back, Leon put me straight and I understand I have judged you without even get a chance to know you, so I am truly sorry and hope we can start over?" Dante said still holding my hand in his.

I look down a little taking in the words he just said, then he put a hand under my chin lifting it up to meet his eyes again.
"I mean it bambina. I'm sorry, do you forgive me?" he asked with a broken voice and tears in his eyes.

I looked deep into his eyes and saw them filled with sorrow, regret, love and care.


I smiled and nodded still looking into his eyes, and he leaned forward to kiss my head.

"Let start eating" Papa said. And we all started to eat, as always I took small bites.


I know this were chicken salad but it didn't taste right but I don't see anything wrong with it.

I kept eat a little more than I'm full so I carefully pushed the plate away a little.


"Honey, you need to eat more than that" Aunty Lyla said looking at my food bowl. I looked up at her and just shook my head.

"Don't worry, she is trying to get an eating disorder" Nico said nonchalant.

I just didn't let his word get to me anymore. "Nico, be quiet" Dante said angry looking at NNico with a scary look.

"Do you want me to eat you leftovers?" Declan whispered next to me and I looked at him with a bright smile and nodded. So he switched our bowls.
I just looked at Declan with a very grateful smile.

Leon gave me a look, that seem to ask if he could tell our family a little about me and I just shook my head.

Suddenly I started to itch all over and struggle to breathe.
I started to try to clear my throat a little, it's like I have an allergic reaction again.

I look at the bowl Declan is eating from, I quickly take it from him then I smell it. "Bambina is everything okay?" He asked looking at me worried.

I do smell shrimps in here but I don't see any.

I give the bowl back to Declan and just smile and nod.

I struggling more and more. So I stand up, I need air. I can barely get any air down my throat it is so swollen.

I stumble away from the table and before I even make it out the door I fall down to my knees.

Gasping for air and Declan and Dante is by my side real quickly, "she have an allergy attack" I hear Dante shout and I weakly nod my head gasping for air.

Kevin,Mlichel and David hurry over to us. Michel carry me bridaI style to the medical wing. Then I start losing consciousness.

Thomas AKA Grandpa, papa's pov

When we got the news yesterday that our missing princess have gotten home I have been buzzing with happiness.

And today when I got to hold her in my arms I felt I have never been more happy.

She have grown'into such a beautiful young lady.

I don't like how small and thin she look, but all Leon and Arthur have told me that it is for goodreasons but they have promised not to tell
anyone until Talia give them permission.

I do have to say it upsets me that I can't know but I do respect their decision since it's a promise they have made to my bambina.

As long as they keep track of it and keep her healthy that's all I can ask for.

It were so good to see the warm reunion she had with the rest of the family, when she handed Cole and Zach anote instead I asked to see it and they gave it to me.

Leon looked over my shoulder and read it as well. "She felt the same way about Nico and Dante when she got here, it's like she can pick up on the feeling that they isn't happy she is back home." he said looking sterly at both Cole and Zach.

I looked at them as well "Is this through? You are not happy?" I asked in angry whisper. "Grandpa, she is a girl, this life is not meant for girls!" Cole said looking over at Talia.

"We will talk about this later!" I said then I turned around to look at Talia interact with Declan, we all wonder how she will handle that since heis new to her. We saw she wrote something then she showed it to Declan.

He started to tear up and Nico had to say something, but he got shut up when we saw Declan pull her into a tight hug.

"Oh my heart, how sweet they are" My wife sniffled next to me,I hold an arm around her waist and pulled her close.

"I wonder what she said to him" Em said looking over at his son hugging Talia with tears in his eyes.
"Well if I have gotten to know Talia correctly she welcomed him to the family" Leon said with a proud smile.


Then after a bit we all headed into the dining room for lunch.
###Chapter 30.

Grandpa's pov.

When I saw the bow of respect she gave Miranda I can't express how proud I am of mia bambina.

She may not use her voice yet but she sure have a lot of respect for people around her.


"The bow you gave to Miranda, it's truly one of deep respect,your brothers can learn a thing or two from you!" I said wvith a big smile.

Then I saw she smirked at Dante who smiled back to her.

"Yeah yeah yeah, I have learned my lesson" he said then he booped her nose which made everyone laugh.

"Oh what is the story there?" Em asked curiously. I want to know that as well.

"You see her first day here, she came a little before dinne time,when we had dinner Talia gave Miranda the same bow, Dante and Nico were pretty rude to Talia for not verbally thanking her for the food,but Miranda told them off and said Talia show more respect with that bow then Dante's muffled 'thank you's every day" Aaron said with a chuckle.

I saw Dante and Talia have a conversation about something and looks like Dante have come around and ain't a dick to her anymore.

"Let start eating" I said. And we all started to eat, the salad were absolutely amazing but I could see Talia didn't eat much, then she pushed the food a little away from her.
"Honey, you need to eat more than that" Aunty Lyla said looking at Talia and her food, and I agree she should eat more, but asArthur have told us she have a valid reason for why she is behaving how she is and I don't have a problem with is, she show so much respect to others around her.

"Don't worry, she is trying to get an eating disorder" Nico said nonchalant.

And I looked at Nico with anger hearing how he's talking about his sister.

"Nico, be quiet" Dante said angry looking at Nico with a scary look.

I think I will have to have a serious conversation with this boy if he don't come around and start to respect his sister, she have not done anything to deserve this disrespect.

After a little the chatter were broken by Declan "Bambina is everything okay?" He looked worried and Talia seem like she is struggling.

I look over at Leon and Arthur and the give me the same questionable look.

I see she is smelling the bowl Declan took from her before she give it back,smile and nod, but she don't look so good.

She stand up and trying to walk out but she don't make it far before she fall to the floor and Dante with Declan rushes to her side super quick.

"She have an allergy attack" I hear Dante shout and I see she give a small nod,and Kevin, Michel and David hurry over to them.

Michel carry her bridal style to the medical wing.

The rest of us sit by the table concerned and confused about what happened.
"I don't get it, she did get a chicken salad and not shrimp salad like the rest of us." Aaron said confused.

"Arthur, call in Miranda and her helpers" I said looking at my son with a stern look.

And he nodded then ring the bell we have here. Not long after Miranda is standing in the room waiting for her orders.

"Who prepared the food for Talia?" I asked in a stern voice.

She looked at us a little confused. "I will have that checked out right away."She said before she walked away.

Not long after she came in with two younger helpers.

"These two were in charge of making the salad bowls sir" Miranda said looking at me.

And I nodded. "How did you prepare the chicken salad?" I asked sternly.

"Well we had first made all bowls with shrimp salad, then Miranda told us we had to start over with one of them because one had to be chicken salad.But we saw we didn't have time to do it all over so we just picked out the shrimps and mixed chicken in it and served it." One of the girls said and Miranda looks like she is about to lose it.

"Miranda do you want me to handle this or are you gonna handle these two yourself?" I asked with my usual stern face.

"Oh sir thank you, I will handle it myself." she said looking at the two girl and they looked super nervous now.

"Both of you are firered! Your laziness could actually have caused the
princess her life! So be grateful we let you walk out of this estate on your own two feet and not in a bodybag you both deserve right now!" She said with so much anger and I can see why Arthur have kept her around all these years she is truly amazing.

"Now why are you two still standing around here? Get out of the house NOW or I will let the big bosses handle it themselves and then I can't guarantee you will keep you life intact!" She said pointing at the door.

And the two girls ran out of the house like their ass were on fire.

"I am so sorry for my carelessness, from now on I will be the only one that will touch Miss Talia's plates!" She said giving us a deep bow.

"Thank you Miranda, that may be all!" Arthur said and Miranda gave another bow then headed out.

Everyone at the table let out a deep breathe we all were holding.

"Is there anything else she is allergic to?" My sweet Josephine asked our son.

"Yes she is allergic to all seafood, nuts and house dust. She also have an intolerance for egg, flour and cow milk, she have said she can have some but not to much of it." Arthur said.


"Okay good to know, we don't want this to happen again to our precious princess!" Josie said and all of us nodded.

"And all of you kids that goes to school with Talia, you all better make sure she don't eat something she shouldn't" I looked at them sternly.


"When is it Talia start school?" Declan asked looking excited.
Arthur chuckled, "She start tomorrow! he said and Declan, Adamn,Bryan.Joshua and Kyle all started to jump excited on their chairs.


Just then Talia comes into the room together with David who is carrying her,Michel and Kevin.

"Are you feeling okay honey?" Alice asked her with a sweet smile and Talia looked over at her with a smile and nodded.


"Good, that gave us a scare!" Lyla said looking just as relieved.
###Chapter 31.

Declan's pov

After dad told us yesterday that the lost Bianchi princess were home Brandan, Zane, Adam and Bryan were jumping around super happy.

Dad tried to reassure me that she would love me and accept me for who f am.


I have always felt like I don't belong here, dad adopted me when he married my mom, but mom died 4 years ago and everyone in the family have tried to make me feel welcome.


Now I truly wonder how she will look at me.

I do look at this family as my own and I have heard many stories about Talia from before she were taken away by her mother.


When we got there and after we heard a cute little chuckle I have to say that were the most adorable chuckle I have ever heard and then I see Dante pick up this super small girl.

She look both beautiful and adorable, and I know she will have guys fall for her left and right. She started hugging everyone and I saw she didn't hug Cole and Zach after a bit it's my turn and my heart is beating a mile per minute.

I can't have my baby sister reject me before she even get to know me!

I have always wanted a sister, and now I have one standing right in front of me, I just hope she don't give me the cold shoulder.

I saw she started to write something and I started to brace myself for a
rejectionthen she turned it around so I could read it.

'Declan? Welcome to the family, I hope everyone in the family is treating you well, and t have a feeling me and you will become great partners in erime! And I can't wait to get to know my new brother more! It's so nice to meet you!

Seving what she wrote I couldn't help the tears forming in my eyes.

She accept me, she truly accept me and she look forward to get to know me better.

I could not be happier!

I started to hear Nico run his mouth but I just run up to her and hug her tightly.

"Thank you bambina" I said with eyes full of tears looking into hers.1kissed her forehead and she cupped my face and wiped my tears and 1did the same for her.

"I'm so grateful for your acceptance" I saidtruly open my heart to her and let all my emotions show and she pulled me into another hug.

After a while we were in the dining room and started to eat but I saw she started to struggle.

I got scared, something is seriously wrong, and when she stood up she were not able to take many steps before falling to the floor, I rushed over to her before the guards making sure her head did not hit the floor.

When David, Revin and Michel carried her away me and Dante sat down.

All I wanted to do now was to rush to my sisters side and I see more of
the brothers around here felt the same.

After Miranda dealt with the two idiots all I wanted to do were runafter them and beat them to a pulp.

All the brothers were radiating anger after that. But then uncle Arthur said Talia will start school with us tomorrow and my happiness were back.

Not long after that Talia, Michel, Kevin and David is back and Talia reached her arms out looking at me like a cute baby, I chuckle and walked up to her taking her out of Davids arms also holding her bridal style.

"Do you wanna go and watch a movie or something?" I asked looking down at her with a smile and she looked back at me with a bright smile and nodded happily.

When we were heading into the cinema room we heard everyone else followed along with us.

I sat down with Talia on my lap, Theo sat to my left and Talia had her legs over Theo's lap but she legs are so short they barely reach Kyle who sit next to Theo on his left.

"So bambina what movie do you wanna watch?" Zane asked looking at Talia with a bright smile. She look up at Zane then shrug her shoulder then shook her head.


"Hmm, okay so what movie genre do you like the best?" Brandon ask with a smile as well. She just look at themn a little unsure then she look at one of the guards that give the notebook to her.

'Honestly I don't know, I watched my first movie last sunday at the hospital with the people, who saved me, and I think we were sticking mostly to action movie'
Me. Theo and Kyle got to see it before she turned it around to show the rest. "Bambina what do you mean 'saved you'?" Lucian asked curiously.

I saw Talia's eyes widened then she looked over at Leon a little panicked and shook her head slightly and he gave a small nod.

"That is not a conversation for today, everything is still pretty fresh for Talia, so we will need to give her some time to open up about her past"Leon said in a stern voice letting everyone know it were not up for discussion.

"What about we start a 'fast and furious' maraton?" Kyle suggested and Talia nodded happily to that.

"As the princess wishes" Brandon said with a big smile. Then Talia got comfortable on my lap and we all watched the movie.

We got to the third movie about half way then it were time for dinner,and we all wanted to continue to movie after dinner so we all got up and walked into the dining room again.

I got to sit next to her again and Theo sat on the other side.


We had steke, mashed potatoes with vegetable. But again Talia were not able to eat much so this time Theo got her left overs.


Then we got back into the cinema room and this time she sat on Theo's lap.


When we had gotten to the fifth movie Talia had fallen asleep so Theo had put her down in a chair so she could sleep more comfortable.

A few minutes later she started to stir with pain expression on her fce.
"Fuck" Leon said quietly then hurried over to her and gently picked her up and put her on his lap and she started to relax when he started to whisper sweet nothing in her ear.

The rest of us just looked at Leon with a lot of confusion on our face."She is struggling with bad nightmares or night terrors if I can rather call it that"he whispered looking down and Talia with so much love.

"I will go and put her in bed, and probably have to sleep there so we will see each other tomorrow, goodnight everyone" he said then got up and walked out and the guards followed after.
###Chapter 32.

Talia's pov

When I woke up the next day I felt an arm around my waist.

I looked around me and I saw Leon sleeping next to me. It brought a smile to my face seeing my brother sleeping so peaceful next to me.

I gently shake him, when I see that it's time to get up. "Go back to'sleep"he said in a very groggy voice.


I try to shake him again. "Sleep we don't need to wake up yet!" she continued to say.

I tried one last time "bambina sleep, it's still the middle of the night" he said this made me chuckle a little and Leon's eyes shoot up and a big smile on his face.


"You chuckled again" He said with so much excitement.

"This definitèly just made my whole day!" he said with the biggest smile bringing me into a big hug.

"Best alarm clock ever! Maybe I need to sleep inside here every night,I have never slept so good some this night" He said into my neck and it gave me the biggest smile he could muster.

He then pulled away and kissed my forehead,"Okay thank you for waking me up. now we gotta get ready for the day and you have school today" he said cupping my chin and I nodded.

Leon walked out and I got into my big bathroom to do my morning routine.
After I had done all that, got dressed in purple lingerie, a light gray bigh waist skinny ripped jeans and a 2ND Harlow - Fluid Satin long armed gray blouse, socks and then I took on some white sneakers.

I blow dried my hair and but it up in a high ponytail and used some of my hair to hide the hair tie with some bobby pins.

I put on makeup to hide all my bruises and then a light makeup to finish my look.

I made sure I had all my stuff for school and I put my phone in my pocket as well as I put my watch on my arm. Then I picked up my notebook and headed out with my school bag over my shoulder.

"Good morning Cupcake, did you have a good rest?" Charlie asked and I nodded with a smile.


"Good, and I have to say you look absolutely amazing pumpkin, I'm sure your brothers will have a hard time keeping guys away from you looking like that" Jack said with a little laughter which make me just smile bright and shake my head.


Charlie took my bag from me then we walked down to the dining room.

And when I entered everyone fell silent and just looked at me in shock."Wow you look amazing bambina" Bryan came up to me and gave me a hug I just smiled and shook my head.

"We gonna have a fun keeping guys away from you" Adam said with a smirk which I just looked back at Jack who gave me a 'I told you look'and I smiled and shook my head.


"You ready for breakfast bambina?" Papa asked smiling brightly at me and I nodded happily.
I sat down next to Dante and Lucian today and Miranda came out with our food and I gave her my bow which she smiled brightly at.

"Leon why have you not stopped smiling since you came in this morning?"Dad asked looking at my oldest brother who in return looked at me and his smile grew even bigger.

"I had the best wake up alarm" He said chuckling which made me smile brightly, cover my mouth and bite my lower lip.

"Okay I see something happened there! How did you wake up?" Lucian asked looking between me and Leon.

"My wake up alarm were a sweet chuckle from our lovely bambina" Leon said proudly.

"Okaý I'm officially jealous!" Dante said with a pout which made me shake my head in amusement.

"How did you make her chuckle?" Nona asked looking at Leon with a bright smile.

"Honestly I don't know!" Leon said then looked at me wanting me to answer for him, I looked at Charlie that were holding my notebook and he walked over with it.

'I tried to shake him awake three time, first he told me to go back asleep,then he said we don't need to wake up yet, then he said it's still the middle of the night when it were close to 7 o'clock that made me chuckle'

I turned it around and shrugged my shoulder and everyone looked shocked at me and I raise an eyebrow to get someone to explain the reaction.
"You see bambina, Leon usually never sleepthat long and usually super easy to wake up!" Dante explained with a smile and I made a O with my mouth and nodded in understanding.


'Guess I'm just that great of a sleeping buddy he didn't wanna leave'

I showed them and shrugged my shoulder and they all laughed.

"That you are bambina, you are officially my sleeping body from now on"Leon said and I let out a small giggle which made everyone stare at me like I have grown two head then they broke up in the biggest grin.

Yes even Nico, Cole and Zach for whatever reason.

Dante picked me up and put me on his lap and hugged me tightly. "That is the cutest giggle ever!" he whispered then kissed my temple.

I just got comfortable on Dante's lap, than started to eat my food,after I had eaten maybe 2/5 of my chicken sandwich I hold it up to Dante asking if he wanted it and he gratefully took it.

"Bambina when you go to school you will have the same classes as Theo,some of your brothers is also in some of your classes so you won't be alone!I hope you will enjoy your first day at a new school, and if anyone give you any problem you telI one of your brothers right away understood?"Dad asked looking at me with a serious face but having a smile on his lips and I smiled back nodded.


"Your teachers have also been made aware that you do not speak and they are fine with that, and keep your phone on you at all times! And please put this necklace on everytime you go out of the house!" Leon said and walked over with a box in his hands.


He took out this beautiful heart necklace that had a few Diamonds on it.
Then he put in around my neck, and I got to say, I have a hunch that this necklace have tracker since I never should go out without it.

I just smiled, and gave Leon a bow with my head and he smiled brightly at me then Kissed the top of my head. "Okay kids, get ready to head out.time for school and treat your bambina good all of you!" papa said sternly to all my brothers.

Then we all got up and Declan took my bag from Charlie and Kyle pulled my hand and guided me out.
###Chapter 33.

Talia's pov.

The drive to school went quick with how Nico were driving, I almost got car sick to be honest.

But I didn't complain. When we got to school Theo hold the door open and gave me a hand for me to get out of the car.

"Okay,you will probably get a lot of stares since you are coming with us,but just ignore them, me, Declan and Kyle will bring you to get your schedule and locker code, but like dad said you will have all the same classes as me" Theo said with a smile and I just nodded.


"Bambina we will see you at lunch and don't let our brother get you in any trouble" Adam said before kissing my forehead and Bryan did the same as well as Joshua then we went our separate ways.

My three brothers walked with me to get my stuff, and when we got there the receptionist looked annoyed at my brothers I looked confused at my brothers for her reaction.

'I would like my scheduale and locker + combination code please'

I showed it to the lady then her eyes soften and she put a big smile on her face.


"Of course Miss Bianchi, I have seen your school record from your previous school and I have to say we are super lucky to get such a bright student like you to our school! Hope you will keep your straight A+ in all your classes. All you teachers is also aware that you don't talk so it shouldn't cause any problem and if it do please come and talk to me and
we will get it sorted" the lady said with a bright smile and my brothers looked at me shocked.


Then she gave me the locker and the combination code

"Have a wonderful day Miss Bianchi" She said and I gave her a smile and a bow with mny head.

She squealed at that "How I wish all your brothers could be more like you"She said with a bright smile and I gave her a sheepish smile back and a nod and we headed out of there.

My three brothers still looked shocked at me I raise an eyebrow at them."straightA+?′′Kyle asked still shocked.

I just looked confused and nodded. "How?" Declan asked just as shocked,I just shrugged my shoulders.

"You never seem to stop amaze me bambina" Theo said kissing my forehead and we started to walk up to where my locker is. Luckily it were right next to Declan, Kyle and Theo.

I saw we had math, science then history before lunch, so I got those three books and closed my locker. "Let me carry them" Theo said taking my books and I just looked at him confused then I just shrugged my shoulders.


"Honestly I can't wait till you start to talk, I have a feeling you have a little sass in you!" Declan said with a smirk, Theo and Kyle started laughing and I smiled brightly.


"She sure were sassy when we were young" Kyle said and I just smiled and shook my head.
Then we headed to our class. And when I walked in there everyone looked at me with wide eyes.

The teacher walked up to us and bent down a-little due to my how small I am.

"You must be our new student, my name is Brent Campbell, and I will be your teacher in math, bio, history. PE and english. I have been made aware that you don't speak and we will accommodate to that. If you have any question don't hesitate to reach out to me" Mr Campbell said with a smile.

'Thank you for the warm welcome Mr Campbell, I look forward to see what you have to teach us.'

"Aren't you a respectful one, your brothers could learn a thing or two from you" he said with a smile and I looked at my brother sheepishly again.

I looked back at Mr Campbell and gave him a smile and a bow with my head.

"You are too polite for your own good little one" Mr campbell chuckle which also made my brother chuckle.

"Okay you can take a seat over there with your brothers." He said and I nodded with a smile.


My brothers guided me to my spot and I had Declan next to me, Kyle were next to Declan and Theo were in front of Declan.

I had a girl in front of me and a guy on my other side and a guy behind me.

The girl in front of me turned around and gave me a smile "Hey.and
welcome, my name ls Camilia, the guy next to you is Austin and the one behind you ls my twin Jake and the girl next to Jake is Aurora," she said with a sweet smile.


Camilla have a long mouse blond hair, sea green eyes, a button nose and small lips.

Jake have black short hair, forest green eyes, straight nose, and a sharp jnwline..

Aurora had wavy long black hair, champagne brown eyes a cute button nose and full lips.

Austin have coffee brown hair, amber brown eyes, button nose,full lips and sharp jawline.

I smiled at them all and they as smiled back to me.

'Nice to meet you all my name is Talia'

I showed Camilla what I wrote, "Nice to meet you Talia, I understand you don't speak?" She asked and I smiled and shook my head.

"That's okay, we don't judge and we would love to be friends with you!"She said with a sweet smile.


I looked over at my brothers and they all nodded with a smile for encouragement.

'I would love that if it's not much trouble'

Camilla read and tilted her head with a smile "Of course not, we will be happy to welcome you to our group, we are a few more you can meet during lunch if you want to sit with us?" She asked with a hopeful tone.
Again I looked back at my brothers to kinda ask if it's okay with them.

"You should do that if you want to" Theo said with a smile. Then I looked back at Camilla and smiled and nodded to her.

"Perfect" she said with a bright smile then we continue to watch the teacher. After a little he looked up from his book.

"I know we have a student here that is extremely smart. I will put up the hardest math equation in the book and let see if this person can solve it"He said then started to write it on the board.


I just looked at it and I can solve that blindfolded.

"Talia, can you please come up and solve it?" He asked and I looked first wide eyed on him then I got up.


"Here is a calculator" he said handing me a calculator but I just gave him a dumb look "Guess you don't need it?" he smirked and I just shook my head.
###Chapter 34.

Talia's pov.

Before I picked up the marker to start to solve it he turned around to look at the class.


"Okay while Talia is solving that equation you all can start working with your books on page 364" he said in his teacher voice, then I started to walk back down to my desk.


"Oh you gave up?" he asked before looking around to looking at the board,but the entire class just looked shocked at the board and shook their heads for me.


Mr Campbell turned around and looked shocked at the board as well.

And that was how he was standing for the rest of the class. "Talia. I think you broke our teacher" Austin said with a smirk which made me smile sheepish at them all.

"Damn it's all correct too!" one student said looking from the board the the book in front of her then to me.


I just smiled and nodded. Then the bell rang and we packed our stuff and went for the next class the teacher still stuck in his shock trance.


I had the next few classes with my three brothers and my four new friends.

And I got to know them pretty well. And before we knew it we were heading to the cafeteria.

"Jake, Camilla, Austin and Aurora over here" Someone yelled from a table in the corner.
"You wanna come sit with us right?" Jake asked hopefully I looked over at Declan "Declan you can come too if you want" Camilla said and we both nodded.


Then we headed over to the table with the two that shouted for my new friends.


"Talia meet Even and Luke. Even and Luke meet Talia, she started school today and her and her brother Declan will be sitting with us" Aurora said to the two boys.

Even have sandy blond hair, with amber colored eyes, button nose and a strong jawline.

Luke have caramel brown hair, forest green eyes, straight nose and small lips.

They both ended up shaking my hand and we all sat down, "So Talia where did you move from?" Even asked curiously.

Seattle'

"What made you move to New York?" Even asked again.

'I moved back with my father and my brothers, been living with my mother for 12 years'

"Ahaaa, I understand, well we are happy you are here with us now!" He said with a smile and I nodded and smiled back.


"Did you guys hear? Talia broke our homeroom teacher!" Aurora blurted out laughing hard.

"What? How?" Luka asked amused.
"He wrote up this super hard math equation and expected Talia to spend some time on it, but she had finished it before he had given us orders to what ive were supposed to do!" Declan said and everyone laughed.

"He were stuck in a trance for the last 20 minute of the class even after the bell rang" Austin was able to press out between his laughter which made everyone laugh harder.


"Hey bambina, you need to eat something" Bryan came over with a ham and cheese sandwich and a bottle of water.

I looked at the food and frowned. "You know you need to eat a little at lease" Declan said next to me who also received a sandwich and a soda from Bryan.


I looked up at Bryan and gave him a smile and nodded before gave him a bow with my head then I took the sandwich and water from him. "Now I understand what they mean with the bow,your too cute for your own good" He smiled before kissing my forehead.

I open my sandwich and took a very small bite then looked up at my new friends that just looked super shocked at me.

I raised an eyebrow at them. "I have never seen Bryan that nice to anyone!" Luke said in shock which made Declan laugh.


"Yeah only Talia here can make that happen" Declan said looking at me with a proud smile.

And that made me blush. "Okay you are officially the cutest person I have ever seen!" Aurora said with a squeal and I just smile and shook my head.

I ate a little more of my food then I headed it to Declan who ate the rest of it for me. Then I stood up to toss the trash.
So I walked over there and before I could make my way back I got stopped by three girls that looks like they are the queen bee's of this school.

"I saw you this morning, who do you think you are? You think you can just hitch a ride with my boyfriend?" She asked pretty loud, I think the entire cafeteria can hear her.


I just tilt my head and look at her like she is dumb. "Answer me bitch!"she screeched super loud that it were hurting my ears. I just looked at her and shook my head and started to walk past her.

"I'm talking to you bitch!" She pulled my arm pretty harshly I might add.

"Talia?" I heard a very handsome dark voice I have missed.

I turned around and so none other than Kayden stand by a table looking at me shocked.


"Talia, it's really you?" He said again with a smile on his face.


My face brighten up in a big smile and I ran and jumped up in his arms,he grabbed me and hugged me tighter.


He hide his face in my neck and I could feel he gave me some sweet kiss on my neck, I leaned out a little, he supported my butt with his arms,I still have my legs wrapped around his waist.

I cupped his face and looked into his eyes, I pulled him back into a hug.

"How are you here?" he whispered into my ear hiding his face in my neck again. I manage to pull my phone out of my pocket.

'My dad and brothers live here, and you will not believe who my family is'

"Who?" he asked curiously, I turned my head and looking in the
directions most of my brothers are, he followed my look and it was quite a few shocked faces and a few angry faces.


Then he looked back at me "Bianchi?" he whispered with a smile and I nodded. "Oh boy this will be fun!" he whispered with a smirk and I smiled and nodded back.


I should head back to my friends and brother Declan,but now we can see each other everyday. I'm so happy'

"Me too Lia and please promise to text me after school" he whisper giving me another hug and gave me a hidden kiss on my neck again before he let me down to the floor.


I walked back to my friends, sat down and all of them just looked at me shocked including Decland. "How do you know Kayden Miller?" Luke asked curously.

That's a very long story I don't want to go into today if that is okay?


"Of course, it's just shocking, because he don't make friends with people easily" Camilla said shocked then the beil rang and we went to class.
###Chapter 35.

Kayden's pov.

After I left Talia in the hospital room, I have honestly been heartbroken.This weekend my friends have been over at my place trying to cheer me up.


I have told them about this amazing girl I meet in Seattle and it were because of her I was staying there longer then planned.

Levi, Ezra, Carter and Kai have been with me all weekend. Been trying to tell me she is fine, and that I wiIl see her soon again.

Even during dinner time, mom and dad is also worried about Talia.

So you can imagine how shocked I am to see the girl of my dreamsin the school cafeteria.


I hear the bitch Madison is talking to someone ever so rudely. And when I look I drop my sandwich down on the table and stood up.

When she look at me and run up into my arms I can help myself.

I sneak a few kisses to her neck and she isn't pulling away so I take it that she don't mind and that makes butterfly erupt in my stomach.


After the kiss we shared the day I left her at the hospital I have not been able to think about anything other than her lips.

But I know I have to be careful, she is a Bianchi and we don't want any bad blood with them.


I just pray with time they wvill accept us eventually dating.
Because I don't want anyone else if not Talia, she is everything I can ever ask for! And I just can't wait till I hear her voice.


She went back to her friends and I sat down with my friends and they are just looking at me shocked.


"Talia? As in Seattle Talia?" Kai ask me shocked, I just look at him and nod then look over to where Talia is sitting then over to her brothers and a few of them is shooting daggers at me.


This is definitely gonna be fun I let out a deep breath and look back at my friends. "You know they will try to find a reason to beat you to a pulp"Ezra said shaking his head.


"I thought you and their family have some alliance?" Levi asked curiously.

"We do, but don't mean me and all the boys as well as my brothers gets along with all of them." I explained then the bell rang and we went to class.

The rest of school went by super quickly, and me and my boys went home to me and I saw mom sitting in the living room reading a book.

I get in there and my boys follow me and I have the biggest smile on my face.


"What's up with you? I have not seen you smile like that since we were in Seattle!" Mom said with a smile on her face then her expression turned into shock.

"Wait, don't tell me you have heard from Talia?" Mom asked excited putting the book away.

"Oh he have heard from her alright!" Carter laughed. "What? Is she okay.
is she somewhere safe?" Mom asked excited which made my boys chuckle.

"She is fine and she looks pretty healthy" I said with a smirk.

"Wait she look so that means you have seen her?" mom got even more excited if that were even possible.

"She goes to our school now. I even have a few classes with her! And damn she is a smart cookie" Carter said with a big smile.

"What happened?" Mom asked Carter happily.

"Well we have math together, Mr campbell had Taliasolve a hard math equation on the board, and before he had been done giving us instructions to what we should do while she did that, she walked down to her seat,she had finished it and it were correct and she did it without a calculator.Mr Campbell where in a trance for the last 20 minutes of class" Carter said and we all started to laugh and I smiled proudly.


"Then Mr loverboy here saw her in the cafeteria during lunch and they had a sweet moment, he hugging her tightly with her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck.


They looked like they were in their own world for a moment there!" Kai smirked and I just pushed his face away while the rest laughed hard including mom.

"That girl have your son whipped I tell you Linda!" Ezra chuckled."Oh I know, you should see how he was with her at the hospital" mom said chuckling as well.


I just smile and shake my head at them.

"So who is her family?" Mom asked which made my boys smirk. "Bianchi"
They all answered in unison and mom ended up laughing.

"At least we know she will be safe! And when you mention it, I do remember they had a missing princess, her mother had run away with her to keep her safe from the mafia life" mom said shaking her head.

"Well her mother did a fucked up job with that, I'm just glad she is back were she belong" I said a little sad thinking of everything they put her through.

"Maybe we should have dad call Arthur about a get together this upcoming weekend?" Mom suggested and I nod.

"Okay. I will do that, and now you all go and do homework, if Talia is as smart as Carter say you better keep up with her" She said and smack my leg which make my boys laugh again and we do as we are told.


So the rest of the evening we had dinner, did homework, went to the basement to work out, had a shower then we all just chilled and watched movies.

Then suddenly I get a text.

'Kayden Miller right? It's Talia:D'

'My sweet Lia, it's so good to hear from you :D'

'Likewise, it were so good to see you today, I have missed you O:-)'

'Sweetheart, I have missed you more, and both mom and dad as well!They are so happy knowing you are here in New York and live with the Bianchi!'

'I have noticed some of my brothers wasn't really happy I know you :-l
what's the deal?

'I think it isjust mafia rivalry, we don't have any bad blood, but don't worry I won't let that stop me from talking to you :s

'Good tht's my Kayden <3

How have life been with the Bianchi so far?

Well I get along with almost everyone except Nico. Cole and Zach,Dante were also very rude in the beginning but he have come around'

'Oh what does the other three say?"

'Oh that's a lot, how I'm an attention seeking hoe, that I should go back to my life in rainbow and sunshine with my mother, how I'm a how just like mother ete but they don't know my life story though so they don't know what they are talking about, and with how they are they don't deserve to know it yeu.'
###Chapter 36.

Kayden's pov

'Why haven't you told them your story?

'You think they deserve to know it? LikeI know they will probably treat me differently knowing it, but I want them to like and accept me for me and not out of pity if you get what I mean?'

'I do, and I agree with you! I just hope you don't take what they say to heart!?'

'I won't I promise, and the sad thing is, is that I'm used to the name calling and trash talking from my mom, Gregor and Scarlette so I have learned to close my ears to shit like that ;-)'

'That's my girl! <3'

'You are always so sweet Kayden, thank you! I will try to get some sleep and I can't wait to see you tomorrow at lunch <3 :-**

**See you tomorrow baby girl*∵−π<3π

'Goodnight and sweet dreams <3'

"Who are you textingwith a grin like that?" Carter ask amused I look up and just shake my head.

"Let's go to sleep guys" I said with a smile and got to my bathroom to get ready for bed.

And not longafter we all have fallen asleep.

The next morning we all got ready for school, I had on black skinny
ripped jeans, a white t-shirt and a purple hoodie.

And when we got to school the time flew by, then it were time for lunch.

But when I got into the cafeteria, Nico, Cole and Zach were there waiting for me.


This will be fun..

"Miller, stay the fuck away from my baby sister!" Nico shouted angry:

"Bianchi, I won't unless she tell me too!" I said looking at him with a serious expression.


"I'M TELLING YOU TO STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM TALIA!" He shouted even louder.


"Nikolay I will not, unless Talia tell me to stay away from her!" I said with a stern voice.


I see he is about to punch me in the stomach but the punch never make contact, I look down and I see Talia is standing in frontof me.

"The fuck did you do that for Talia?" Nico shouted and she just look at him, I tried to pull Talia behind me, but she didn't move.

"You know what Talia you got what you deserved,you are not wanted here, we were happier without you, go back to the whore of a person you call mother" he yell at her and she still ddon't back away.

He then give her a hard bitch slap to her cheek and she is still not backing away.

"Why do you even care gbout the Miller boy bitch?" he asked her, she wrote something on a piece of paper.
'Kayden saved my life, and I wouldn't be alive if it weren't for him'

Then she gave it to him and turned around and I could see she had a cut on her lip, I cupped her cheek and I looked her into her eyes, seeing tears build up in her eyes.


I lifted her up bridal style and walked out from the cafeteria and headed to the nurses office. "Talia why did you do that!" I heard Declan ask beside me. Talia just shake her head.


"TALIA" I heard someone shouted from behind me. I turned around and saw it were Theo Bianchi, he came running up to us "Bambina are you okay?" He asked when he got closer.


She just looked down on her lap and nodded, "I'm taking her to the nurse to get that cut checked out" Isaid started to walk again, she looked up at me and shook her head.


"Talia it's not up for discussion, we both know he hit you hard" I said looking down at her with worry and she just looked back down on her lap and nodded.

Theo and Declan walked in first then me carrying Talia, then Levi, Ezra,Carter and Kai.


"Oh no what have you boys done this time?" Nurse Blaine asked when she came out from her office.


The boys made way so Blaine could she Talia. "Oh honey what happened?"She asked looking at Talia's face.

"Nico Bianchi hit her" Carter explained. "Oh that boy, why would he hit you?" She asked Talia and she just shrugged.
"Okay well I need to clean up the cutl" Blaine sald and Lia looked up at me wide eyed. Shit her other bruises.

"Do you have you makeup with you in your-bag?" I asked looked down on her and she nodded.

"Don't worry about that you will be able to go home right away after!" But Lia just shook her head and pushed Blaine's hands away.

"Is you bag in your locker?" I asked looking down on her and she nodded.

"I can go and get it" Declan said running out of here. "Oh you young girls are so caught up with makeup these days!" Blaine said shaking her head.

And this made Talia have a angry look on her face.

"Nurse Blaine, until you know the real reason to why she is adamant on having the makeup on I suggest you be quiet!" I said in a harsh tone.

Theo just look at me with a weird expression and Blaine take a nervous swallow.

Then Declan is back with her bag and hold it open for her to look inside it then she take out a makeup bag then she look at the nurse and give her a nod.


"She is telling you, you can clean her face now!" Theo said looking at the nurse.

"Why didn't she just say that?" Blaine asked annoyed. This make all of us take deep breath so we don't blast her ass.

"Because she is mute!" Ezra said looking at the nurse with an annoying look. "Oh I'm so sorry!" she said then she carefully started to clean all of
Lia's face.

Theo, Declan, Levi. Ezra, Carter. Kal and Nurse Blaine look at Talia's face in shock, sadness and covering their mouth.

"TALIA?" we could hear Nico shout out for her.

Talia hide her face in my chest, "She don't want others to see her!" I told them.

Blaine dragged the curtain around the bed so no one could see us, Talia sitting on my lap as I sitting on the bed and she hide her face in my chest.

I looked at Theo and he nodded. He walk out "Nico I think you should leave! You have done enough damage already!" Theo said angry at his big brother.

"Is she okay?" he asked and I couldn't help but scuff.

"Is she okay? What the fuck is that kind of a question, you hit her! Your own fucking sister Nico, NO she is not okay! Leave and we will see you at home!" He said angry and we heard how Nico left.

Blaine cleaned the cut and when she were done and put a strips on it,Lia put on the makeup and Talia, Declan and Theo went home, but before Lia left she gave me a kiss on my cheek more on the corner of my mouth and that made my day.
###Chapter 37.

Talia's pov.

I would never believe Nico would ever hit me but he did.

Well me, Theo and Declan just got home and sat dowvn in the cinema room in the back corner to do homework. Here we re kinda hidden for people who just walk in so we can be in peace.


"Can we talk about the bruises on your face bambina?" Declan asked in a very low voice, I kinda knew this would come.

I created a group on whatsapp with just the three of us.

Me: 'Can you two promise this will be between us? Leon and my four guards are the only one that know as I know of and I would like to keep it like this. I can tell you two but please don't tell!'

I look up on both of them and they both nod.

Me: 'Theo know some of it due to a note I wrote to Leon and the guards on the plane and that said:


'You see, mom was not the nicest, and Gregor and his daughter were even worse. I was not allowed to make a single noise, like ever, even when I had to do the house chores, make dinner for them and clean up their dinner. If I made a noise I got a serious beating, got stabbed, slashed, or even shot. If Gregor had a really bad day he 'sold' me to some of his friends so they could have their way with me. And if I made any noise it just got worse.

Even in school, his daughter Scarlette made sure I always got bullied by others, and if I made any noise at school she would tell Gregor when we
got home from school and I got a beating. If I ever showed I had a smile on my face another beating or a trip to his friends. If I could go three days without make any noise, act like maid doll I were lucky to get a slice of bread to eat.'


Me: 'The day I ran away from mom, Gregor and Scarlette. Gregor gave me a bad beating, I have three broken ribs, sprain in my left arm and right femur thanks to that beating. My upper body is filled with scars and bruises, Gregore never made any scars on my arms, shoulder,face or legs because when he took me to his friends for them to have their way with me I always had to dress in a slutty tiny dress.'

Me: But bruises can always be hidden with makeupo.so he was not afraid to bruise me. My body is like a color chart for bruisesin all kind of healing stage. And do to my malnourishment it take longer for my body to heal the bruises. After I got away from mom and her family I have started to eat more but as you both know I still struggle with it. But I am truly doing my best with is. So for now makeup is my best friend to hide my bruises.'

I looked up at my two brothers reading all I have just sent to them in our group. They both sat with tears in their eyes.

They both gave me a long hug and cried into my neck one on each side of me.

I just hold around them letting them get these emotions out. After a while they both seem to calm down.

"Okay and how do you know Kayden? You two seem pretty close!" Theo whispered.

Me: 'That's last Sunday when I ran away I had run from our house on the
outskirt of Seattle into the city. It's a good distance and with the injuries it were torturous. I were about to collapse in the middle of the street but Kayden and his parents got to me and took me to a hospital, and until after the dna test shown that I had other relatives I could live with and the doctor felt safe that I would not haveany complications from my injuries, I had to stay in the hospital for 5 days and both Kayden and his parents stayed with me the entire time, took good care of me. Honestly they saved my life and I wouldn't be hee right now without them.'

"Wow, we really owe them for helping and saving you!" Declan whispered and Theo and me nodded.


"I think you two look cute together!" Theo whisper with a smirk that made Declan smirk as well and I blushed hard.

I just smiled and shook my head at them. "What you don't like him?"Declan whispered smirked even more and I blushed even harder.

I covered my face and my brothers chuckled at this.

"I take that as you actually really like him and from the looksof it he likes you too! I have never seen him with anyone the way he is with you!"Theo whispered teasing me ever more.

Me: 'oh shush and let's do some homework xD'

They both chuckled and nodded, and we started to work on our homework.


A few hours later we heard some people come home. And sounded like they were coming into the cinema room.


Theo motion for us to just sit and be quiet, me and Declan nodded at that.
We saw Nico, Cole, Zach and two friends of Nico came in Henry and Paul.
"I do have to say Nico, that slap to you sister were a low blow!" Henry said clearly disappointed in Nico.

Henry have coffee brown short hair, amber brown eyes, straight nose and strong jawline.

"And you didn't have to say all that shit you did to her!" Paul said also disappointed.

Paul have a mix of red brown short hair, dark brown eyes and a button nose with a sharp jawvline.

"She needed to hear it, we are better of without a weak ass shit like her coming here, if she have to go to the nurse because of a tiny slap to the face she have nothing to do in this family" Cole said harshly and I saw Theo and Declan were about to burst out in anger.

I motioned for them to calm down, I kept working on my homework quietly listen to their conversation.


At least Nico's two friends seems nice defending me. We sat there for another hour then Leon came home and shouted my name.


I looked at Theo and Declan and smirked then I put two finger up to my mouth and made a very high whistle noise. "Fuck, what was that?" Nico asked looking around.


Then Henry and Paul saw us sitting in the corner of the cinema room.

Leon came walking into the cinema room and Theo waved showing we were here in the corner.


"How long have you three been sitting here?" Leon asked shocked. "Since we got home from school so some hours now!" Theo answered
noneshelant.

I got a call from school saying they sent you three home because of an incident during lunch but they didn't say what, so what happened?" He asked carefully.
###Chapter 38.

Talia's pov

"And why do your cheek look swollen bambina?" Leon asked more worried now.


I just looked up at him and shrugged my shoulder and shook my head.

"Don't give me that, tell me what happened!" Leon ordered.

I stood up and packed all mny stuff and was on my way to walk out but Leon carefully grabbed my arm to make me stop.

So I did and turned around to look at him.

"Tell me who hurt you bambina!" Leon said getting more angry. I found my notebook.

'I just walked into something'

"What? You just walked into something?" Leon asked baffled.I 'smiled and nodded.


"Oh Talia don't give me that! I can even see it's bruised through the makeup, it's pretty swollen and I see the cut on you lip." he said with worry and concern.

I just shrugged my shoulders. "Talia tell me who hit you, I swear I will end them!" He said now with more anger in his tone.


'I just accidently walked into someones fist it's no big deal, you know l have gone through worse!'

"Talia Bianchi, you don't just accidentally walk into someone's fist,and
don't you give me that it's no big deal! What if you got hit in your stomach? You still have three broken ribs, it could make more damage had you been hit in the stomach, you know you need to be carefull untl you are fully healed!" Leon practically shouted.


"WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE HAVE THREE BROKEN RIBS?" Nico shouted and my eyes went wide same did Leon's, Declan's and Theo's.

I forgot them for a second, shit shit shit.

"Forget about that now" Leon said turning to Nico who were walking up to where we stood and he was as white as a ghost in his face.

"Did you see who hurt your sister?" Leon asked looking at Nico who now swallowed nervously. I just shook my head to Nico to tell him not to tell anything.

But Nico were just stuck looking at me with horror.

Guess the insane punch he meant to give Kayden but hit in my stomach instead is wearing him down.

It did hurt like a motherfucker and I'm not gonna lie it's painful to breathe but I will manage.

I took a few step up to Leon and put an hand on his arm.He turned around looking at me so I wrote down.

'Please I'm fine, it were just some innocent shuffling in the cafeteria. My cheek is fine and the swelling will go down with a little time, so can we just please drop this now?'

I tear of the page and handed it to Leon then walked out of there, then I headed up to my room with my backpack. I layed down on my bed a little
I feel exhausted and I can't wait till I can go to sleep after dinner.

After laying down for another 30 minute I walked out, Ken and Alan were standing guards outside my room.


"Ready for dinner my little flower?" Alan asked smiling down at me and I smiled and nodded.


We walked down to the dining room and I were the last one there. All my family members as well as Nico's two friends.

"Hey bambina how was school?" papa asked smiling, I looked over at him and smiled back with a nod.


"I heard someone hit you in the face, who did it?" dad asked a little sternly. I gave Leon a killer look, we should drop it.


"Hey don't give me that look, we are just worried about you bambina!"Leon said looking at me with worry.

I looked at Alan who had my notebook he walked over with it.

'I have said I'm fine so leave it be, I'm not gonna say who it was because it were a accident and I don't want anyone to get into trouble because of something so small, now since you guys can't let it be I will go to bed!GOODNIGHT'


I tear the paper off then stood back up and walked out of the dining room and walked back up to my room then i locked the door, I don't want any more disturbance today, now I just wanna sleep.

I went to the closet and out on some PJ and went to the bathroom did my business, then brushed my teeth and got into bed. And it didn't take long until I fell asleep.
Nicolay's pov.

If I can be honest I'm over the moon happy that my baby sister is back home, but I don't want to lose her again.


I don't want to open my heart to her then she will disappear on us again.

So I have wanted to push her away so she won't get close to me.

It have pained me more then you can ever imagine to be this rude to my sweet baby sister, she truly is just a ray of sunshine.

And she is just too good for living in the mafia life. This life will break her beautiful heart and I don't want to see that!

She need to go back'to live her happy life before she come her.


Today at lunch I wanted to get Kayden to back away from my baby sister.I don't want her involved with any people that is living in the mafia life!It will just put a bigger target on her back!

She is fragile enough as it is, she don't talk, she look like she will break if I hug her,and she is a girl.

Mafia life is no place for girls to be, it's too violent for them, and I don't want to see any harm to come to my sister.

So today when I were gonna punch Kayden hard in the stomach Talia just jumped in front of him before I could stop my punch.

And I know I used a great force in the punch.

She just stood there, not showing any pain from the punch at all.

I freaked out so I lashed out the only way I know by telling her she is not
wanted.I regret everything, the punch, slap and my words.

She is my baby sister and I never want to physically hurt her. And when I tried to check up on her at the nurse office Theo sent me away before I even got to see her.

It honestly broke my heart knowing I hurt my bambina, and I wanted to punch myself for what I did. I kept reading the note over and over she gave me saying that Kayden saved her life and she wouldn't be alive if not for him.

Maybe it's more to the story of her past I'm not aware of but I will learn it somehow. I need to keep my sister safe, I just hope I didn't injure her too badly.
###Chapter 39.

Nico's pov

After school me, Cole and Zach together with two of our friends Henry and Paul got into the cinema room just talking.

Watching a movie, Henry and Paul have been telling how I were in the wrong since lunch and honestly I agree.


When Leon shouted for Talia and this huge whistle sound came from inside the cinema room, Henry and Paul saw Talia, Theo and Declan sitting in the corner.


The three of them have heard everything that have been said and haven't said aword about it.


When Leon asked her about today's incident at lunch I knew I was a goner but Talia didn't say anything about it and that made me shocked to say the least.

And when he said she could have been seriously hurt since she already have three broken ribs all blood got drained from my body.

I saw Cole, Zach, Henry and Paul felt the same. She walk around, smile and act like she is all fine but she walk around with three broken ribs?

I have had a broken rib before and it is hurting like a motherfucker,she have three and act like nothing is wrong?

And when I punched her she didn't have a reaction to it at all. Is she used to get a beating or something?

She didn't make a single sound from it either. she didn't scream or cry.
During dinner and dad started to ask about it again, I saw how 'Talia looked pissed at Leon. Then she wrote a note, put it on the table and just stood up and walked out.

'I have saidI'm fine so leave it be, I'm not gonna say who it was because it were a accident and I don't want anyone to get into trouble because of something so small, now since you guys can't let it be I will go to bed!GOODNIGHT'


My baby sister have earned my respect in more ways than one. And she is still not telling the family I were the one who hit her even after everything I have done and said to her.

I will start to treat my baby sister better and the way she deserve to be treated. And I have to make sure she will always be fine, that is my job as her big brother.

The next morning during breakfast Talia didn't smile much and she didn't interact much with the rest of the family. I'm getting a little worried and I know I'm not the only one.


"Everyone, we will have the Miller family over this upcoming weekend, we have to thank them, because it's thank to them that we have been able to get Talia back home! And it's not up for discussion!" Grandpa told everyone with a stern look.


I looked at Talia and I saw a weak smile on her face, so she were telling the truth, they did save her somehow.


What have my little bambina been going through before she came living with us?


Later during lunch I saw Talia sit with her friends together with Declan.
Kyle,Kayden and his friends.


I heard Kyle said he were gonna go and get some lunch for Talia so 1jumped on that before he could.

I walked over to her table and handed her a cheese and ham sandwich with a bottle of water.


"Here bambina you need to eat something please?" I said to her with the softest voice I could manage.

She just looked up at me shocked, then at the food in my hands, then at our brother at the table then Kayden and his friends then at her friends.

They all looked at me shocked and I can't blame them I never give anyone lunch not even my annoying girlfriend she is just used for a good fuck.

"Please Talia you need to eat something!" I said again looking at her with a sad look. She took the food out of my hand, gave me a sweet smile then bowed her head.

And now I understand why Miranda always get so giddy when she do.

"Please Talia, I don't deserve the respect. I have a lot to make up to you for, I should be the one showing you that respect" I said cupped her cheek to lift her head up.

She should never bow her head to me.

She just looked at me with shock before a smile broke out on her face and she stood up and put her arms my waist and she gave me a hug and 1hugged her tightly back.

I hide my face in her neck "Please bambina let start over. I want to be the
big brother you deserve" I whispered into herear and she nodded pulling away and looked up at me with a big smile on her face putting omne hand on my cheek and wiped away a tear I didn't know had made its way down my face.


She then sat down and started to slowly eat the food I gave her and I made my way back to my friend, brother and annoying girlfriend,"Baaaabe why did you give that bitch food? You never do that for me" she whines.

Her voice is just annoying me. I looked at my brothers and friends and they all looked at Madison super annoyed, "Maddie, she is my baby sister.take a fucking chill pill." I said looking at her just as annoyed.

"Argh you are my boyfriend not hers!" she screeched. "Didn't you just hear what he said, Talia is ouir sister! Get you damn jealousy under control!"Adam said standing up and walked out of the cafeteria and the rest of us followed.


When I got out in the hallway Joshua, Adam and Bryan both looked at me with proud smiles on their face "Glad to see you have come to your senses bro!" Bryan said with a happy smile on his face.

"Yeah1. I have understood I need to treat her better, she deserve the world"I said with a sad look on my face. "You are right and we need to treat her like the princess she is!" Adam saidwith a smile.

"And I think it's more to her than meets the eye! Our bambina is a strong one, a true Bianchi I just know it!" Jushua said proud and me, Bryan and Adam nodded.


I know Cole and Zach have not come around yet but they will with time.
Then we all headed to class to continue our day.
###Chapter 40.

Talia's pov.

It's now friday and I'm currently geting ready for the dinner party today.

The Miller family is coming here.

I can't wait to see Linda and Jacob again, and meet Kaydes two big brother and his little sister.

I have put on a black lace lingerle and a white mermaid short dress with high neck lace cocktail dress, with steve madden bellarose heels.

I straighten my hair then put it up in a high ponytall then I took some of my hair to hide the the with bobby pins like the first day at school. I also put on a classy makeup, this way I don't look overly done but looks like 1have put in some effort.

I look in my floor to ceiling mirror and I'm pretty happy with my look.I took my phone and headed out.

When I got out I saw Ken and Alan in their suits, they have been rocking casual since they become my guards and they look just as hot as the first day I saw them.

When I walked out they dropped their jaw to the floor and I just smiled at them and shook my head. "Wow little flower you look... wow I don't have words"Alan said shocked and I just smiled at them.

"My sweet little butterfly is growing up" Ken said wiping a tear and I cover my mouth and bit my lips to suppress a laugh.

"Let's go, I'm sure the rest is dying to see youl" Alan said and gave me an
arm to hold which I happily accepted.

When we walked down the stairs the few other guards that were standing guard there, dropped their jaw as well looking up the stairs me, Ken and Alan is currently walking down which made Charlie and Jack turn around and when they saw me they dropped their jaw as well.

"Cupcake you look absolutely amazing!" Charlie said with a bright smile and I just smiled.


"You look like a true princess pumpkin" Jack said with a proud smile and I smiled back then I tapped on my phone

'You don't think it is too much?

My four guards all shook their heads "Cupcake you look perfect" Charlie said carefully squeezed my shoulder and I nodded.


"Everyone is in the living room waiting for you, are you ready?" Jack asked lifting my chin, I let out a deep breathe then nodded my head.

I took a hold of Alan's arm again and we walked tothe living room hearing a lot of conversation from there.

When Charlie, Jack and Ken walked in they all stopped talking knowing that I would come too.


I walked in the door and all eyes were on me and I could hear a lot of gasps in the room.

I looked over the people in the room and when my eyes landed on Linda and Jacob I quickly made my way over to them and hugged themn tightly.

"Oh honey it is so good to see you again, I have missed you so much!"
Jacob said hugging me tightly, I pulled away and cupped his face then kissed his cheek before hugging him tightly again.

Then I hugged Linda tightly "Oh sweetie you look so amazing,you truly look like a princess" she said before kissing my cheek

"Come I want you to meet my other three kids she said holding my hand and I nodded.


We walked up to two guys that I take is Kayden's big brothers who is standing talking with the oldest of my brothers.


"Okay guys, Talia is mute so she don't talk so I expect you guys to respect that" Linda said with a stern look to the two new guys who just looked at me and nodded with a smile.


"Nice to meet you Talia, I'm the oldest and the same age as Leon and my name is Victor." Victor said with a smile and hold out his hand for me to shake it, I smiled nodded and shook his hand.


Victor have blueish black hair, sea blue eyes, straight nose and sharp jawline. Tall and muscular like the rest of my family and all my friends.

"I'm glad to see you are finally home with your family" He said with a big smile and I smiled back at that.


"Hello Talia, I'm the second oldest, and I'm the same age as Nathan, my name is Stuart, glad to finally meet the girl neither my baby brother or parents can't stop talking about" he said with a smile and I blushed hard hearing they keep talking about me I also shook his hand smiled and nodded to him.


Stuart have sandy blond hair, sea blue eyes, button nose, strong jaw, tall
"I also wanna say hi to pretty!" a little girl were shouting dragging in Lindas dress which made everyone laugh.

"Of course honey." Stuart said picking up the girl and put her on his hip.

"Sabrina meet Talia, Talia don't speak so she can't answer you, but why don't you tell her how old you are?" Stuart said to Sabrina who nodded happily.

"I'm Sabrina, it so nice to meet you pretty princess, and I'm 7 years old and I love dancing" She said happily and I just smiled brightly at her I took her hand then I gave her a curtsy and she giggled which made all give a lot 'awe' and chuckles around the room.


Then Kayden walked up to me standing behind me putting his hands around my waist and whispered in my ear

"Hope you haven't forgotten about me Lia" I quickly turned around and shook my head with a bright smiled and pulled him into a big hug.

"You look absolutely breathtaking sweetheart" He whisper into my ear and kissed my cheek before he pulled away.

He look so good in his navy blue armani dress.

Then the rest of my family walked up and hugged mne telling me how good I'm looking. Everyone except Cole and Zach that is but that's okay,at least I have the most of my family like me.


Then we went into the dining room and we were gonna have a three course dinner so I had to eat little of each. For starters we had a caesar salad.

And I were seated next to Kayden and Declan.
"You truly look amazing today Lia" Kayden whispered low so only me and him heard it. I looking into his eyes and it were like we had a conversation without words.

He understood I think he look amazing as well, hell he is so damn handsome I don't know what to think.


"I truly thought she only were able to have a conversation like this with Theo but I see Kayden can also keep a conversation with her like that!"Dad said amused and that brought me and Kayden out of our trance

"Oh you should see how these two were at the hospital, they had full blown conversation, me and Linda truly felt left out" Jacob chuckled which made everyone else chuckle.
###Chapter 41.

Talia's pov.

"Do you want me to eat the rest of your appetizer?" Declan whispered into my ear and I looked at him with a grateful smile and nodded.

He quickly switched our plates and ate the rest of my food.

"I can't wait till I see you eat a full meal soon sweetie" Linda looked at me with a sad smile I just smiled back.


"Well she eats more than she did when we first meet her!" Jacob said looking at me with a proud smile and I gave him a sheepish smile back.

"Now she can eat upto half a sandwich at school, when we meet it were what 5 tiny bites and she were full so I would say that is some big improvements there!" Kayden looked at me with so much affection in his eyes which just made me smile brighter.

Then Miranda and her helpers came out with the main course and that.were roast chicken with roasted vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes.


Again I just ate a little of the food and this time Theo who sat next to Declan wanted my left overs.

The conversation around the table went on and everyone were having a great time.


Then it were time for the dessert lemon mousse and it were super tasty.And I gave Kayden my leftovers.

"So Talia, have you gone to buy a dress for the mafia ball next saturday?"Linda asked and it where a few people spitting out their drinks, a few
chocking on their food or drinks or drop who dropped their utensils around the table.


I just looked up at Linda and gave her a smile and shook my head,she also picked up at the fact that my family have not personally told me they are in the mafia.


Everyone around the table except for Kayden, Linda and Jacob looked at me with worry looks. I looked over at Alan who had my notebook and he carefully walked over with it.

'Maybe me and you can go dress shopping tomorrow?'

I turned it around and looked at her with hopeful smile on my face.

"Yes of course honey! I would love to!" She said excitedly and I smiled even brighter, I love spending time with Ļinda.


"So you know we are in the mafia?" Dante asked shocked and I just nodded my head with a smile.

"How?" dad asked shocked.


'Well you guys talk mafia business all the time in italian, at the same time,the day Leon came to the hospital, Jacob told me that they had alliance with The Bianchi the Italian and American mafia, The Volkov the Russian mafia and Remirez the Mexican mafia. So if I ever ended up in trouble with one of them I should drop his name and he would do everything he could to keep me safe'

I showed them what I wrote and shrugged my shoulder. They all just look at me shocked.

"SO	pana
asked shocked and I just smiled and nodded. "I didn't know you knew italian!" nona said shocked and I just smiled.


"Why didn't you say anything?" Leon asked just as shocked.

'What should I say? I don't talk and you guys didn't ask me any direct questions so nothing I should answer'

"Sei davveo una bambina fantastica" Nico said looking at me amused which made me chuckle and everyone looked at me with bright smiles and Kayden just lifted me up on his lap and hugged me tightly.

(Sei davvero una bambina fantastica - You are truly amazing baby)


"You have such a cute chuckle honey" he whispered into my ear hugging me.


I juast got comfortable on his lap and kept sitting there and I saw Linda and Jacob had amused smiles on their faces.


"What other languages do you know?" Uncle Mason asked curiously which made everyone look at me in anticipation.

'Italian, Spanish, Russian, German, Japanese and Chinese'


"What the.. How?" Lucian asked shocked and everyone else looked shocked as well as Kayden, Linda and Jacob.

'I had a friend who taught me a lot, but four years ago he and his wife moved away due to a new job, that were also the last time I talked'

"So you have not talked for 4 years but bottom line you can talk?" Cole asked shocked I looked at him with a raised eyebrow and nodded slowly.

I saw he and Zach shared a look.
"Okay" Zach said and they both stood up. "We will do something about that now!" Cole said then roughly pulled me out of Kayden's lap.

Everyone in the dining room quickly stood up and started to shout for Cole and Zach to stop. But they ran outside to the pool.

Then they tossed me in the pool, and when I had gotten up I were soaking wet.

And don't forget I have a white dress on so all my scars were visible through the clothes.

I got out of the pool and I still had not said anything or made a noise.

Zach and Cole walked upto me "SHOUT, YELL, SAY SOMETHING" Cole yelled in my face.

I just bent down to take off my heels, because I don't want to kill my brothers but they will get to feel what crossing me feels like and I'm beyond pissed.

I looked over to my guards and smirked anad it was like they understood what were about to go down, they stood around so no one could interfere right now.

I took off my earrings and other jewelry I had on so now I were just tere in my soaking wet white dress and I'm just happy I had black lingerie on and not white.


I quickly punched Cole straight in the face. He stumbled back a little then I looked at Zach he looked at me shocked for punching Cole.


I then kicked him on his thigh and I'm sure I sprained his femur. Then Cole walked up to me and I kicked him out into the pool by giving him a
hard kick to the stomach and he few into the pool.

I then looked at Zach who were kneeling down on one knee and I gave him a kick to his face and he flew backward and fell down into the pool as well.

Then Kayden walked up to me putting his dress jacket over my shoulder.

"Come we need to get you out of your wet dress. Lia" he said carefully and I just nodded, took a hold of his hand and walked inside and he follow me up to my room.

Alan, Ken, Charlie and Jack were standing guards outside.

Kayden looked around my room and I put his jacket on my bed and struggled to get out of the dress.

Kayden noticed so he walked up behind me putting my hands in his for a little then he started to unbutton the back of my dress.
###Chapter 42.

Kayden's pov

I were more then shocked when Cole and Zach pulled Lia off my lap and carried her outside and tossed her in the pool.

I was totally enraged and I were not the only one. The rest of the family was as well.


And they did this to make her scream? To yell? To say something?

The fuck is their problem?

I know Lia have told me that those two are now the only two that is giving her a hard time.


And I guess she have had it because she did give them some satisfying kicks and punches and they both ended up in the pool as well.

I saw her guards smirked like crazy when they saw this.


"So our little flower truly know how to kick ass" One of them whispered to the other and they all looked satisfied with the short performans.


I looked at Lia and walked up to her and put my dress jacked on her and told her we should get her out of her clothes.


She just took my hand and guided me up to her room.

She have a very nice and big room. And it's very Lia like.

I saw she struggled to unbutton her dress so I walked up to her and took her hands in mine for a little before I unbutton the dress for her.
"There baby, get out of the wet dress" I whisper into her ear and kissed her neck.


She walked into her closer and closed the door. When she were inside there I looked around her room, then sat down on her bed.


When she walked out she came out of the bathroom in the purple sports bra and shorts mom got her in the hospital and she had a hoodie over her arm.


Then she walked to the vanity and sat down and started to blow dry her hair.


I walked up to her and took the dryer from her and she looked at me with a smile and nodded so when I dried her hair she removed the rest of her makeup.

And I notice she is even more pale than when we were at the hospital.

"Lia are you okay? You look more pale than before" I asked crouching down and looking at her and she just nodded and smiled at me.


Then she surprised me by cupping my face and placed her lips on mine and I didn't hesitate kissing her back.

I have missed the feeling of her sweet lips on mine.

I put one hand behind on her neck and one around her waist and she moved hers around my neck.


She open her mouth and I didn't hesitate to explore her mouth with my tongue.

She put on hand in my håir and I couldn't help but let out a low groan in
pleasure and I felt her smile against my lips.

I could feel how much she were turning me on.

I pulled away and leaned my forehead against her and we both were catching our breath.


"If we don't stop now I don't know if I can hold back and I don't want to ruin this thing between us by going to fast forward Lia!" I whispered honestly and looking into her eyes and she smiled brightly at me and her eyes sparkled.

She nodded then we stood up and walked out. When we got out her guards gasped looking at Lia.

"Cupcake are you gonna walk down like that?" one of them asked and she nodded determent.

Then she pulled my phone out of my pocken opened it and got into a empty message.


'My family want to know about my past? So now I'm done hiding.What Cole and Zach did pissed me off, and I don't want to think it's okay they can keep doing that. Now it's time they get to know my reason for being like how I am'


Her guards nodded and we all walked down and into the living room.

Lia were walking behind her guards so they have not seen her yet.

I see Zach and Cole changed clothes and they both hold an ice pack up to their face.

"Where is Talia?" Leon äsked worried, and the guards moved aside to
show Lia standing there in shorts and a sports bra.

Her family gasped so I guess not a1l of them have seen her without makeup.

Leon walked up to her "Bambina I'm so sorry for Zach and Coles behavior.
That were uncalled for and they will be punished for their actions." Leon said carefully and Lia just nodded.

She then looked arounad the room and walked up to Declan, motion for her phone and he gave it to her and she tapped on her phone, then showed it to Declan and Theo and they both nodded then tapped on their phone.

Suddenly we all got a notification on our phone and Talia came walking up to me and took my hand and guided me over to the couch with Declan and Theo.


I sat down and Lia sat down on my lap and got comfortable then she started typing on her phone.

Talia: 'For those who don't know some of my past here you will get it all'

She sent that in a group Theo and Declan have created.with all of us in here both my family and all of hers.

Talia: 'Some of you my think my life away from this family with that so called mother of ours were all rainbow and sunshine but that is was you are wrong!

Talia:'From the moment Gregor and his bitch of a daughter moved in with us, Gregor started to beat me unconsciously every fucking day.Scarlette started with small shit like always pulling my hair, push me and L-M- east wvorbally ahusive to me telling me how much of a
mistake I am and that I ruined her life, and that I were the reason that she lost dad because he didn't want a daughter.'


Talia: 'When I were 9 years old I started to work on a ranch to help to pay for mom and Gregors bills, food and drugs. I worked there till I were 13 years old because the owner got a new job. When I were there they treated me like their daughter/sister. And they taught me so much'

Talia: 'When I were home I had to always be quiet, I were not allowed to make a noise, I had to take the beating without crying, without screaming and without make any noise at all. If I made a tiny noise when I cleaned away THEIR dinner I got a beating!'
###Chapter 43.

Kayden's pov

Talia: 'I were not allowed to eat with them, and the only time I got to eat in the years 9-13 was when I were at 'work' after the owners moved away I didn't have any other escape. So after that I have not been allowed to talk. That is why I don't talk, because I have literally gotten it beaten into me that any noise I make I will get a beating for it.'

Talia: 'Gregor, mom and Scarlette after the age of 13 started to use tools when 'punishing' me for making noise or when Scarlette lied said i failed a test at school or something. I have been beaten, slashed, stabbed and shot by my own mother!'

Talia: 'I were lucky if I could go three days without making any noise and being a mute maid doll for my family I got a tiny slice of bread that would last till next time I went three days without making a noise. So forcing me to talk is useless because I have to make my own mind understand I'm safe anad you think tossing me in a fucking pool will help mefeel safe Cole?Zach?'


Talia: 'I'm used to be beaten for it or 'sold' of to members of Gregor's Irish mafia, and the leader Cillian Walsh was the worst of them, thinking he owned me! And Gregor used me to get up in the mafia to get a better position for himself. Jacob have been able to bring back a lot of information that were stored in the house, and y'all can talk to him about that'


Talia: 'When the Millers found me I had finally run away from my mother,Gregor and Scarlette I had received a beating in the living room. I waiting till they had gone to bed then I started to slowly make my way out of
there, got the backpack I had already hidden and ran for my life.When the Millers found me I collapsed a the sidewalk and they got me to the hospital.

Talia: They stayed with me the entire time, made sure the nurses and doctors treated me right. They made me value my own life! So I'm done with the petty shit you boys have at school!'

Before she were able to write anymore she started coughing like crazy.

Dad came rushed over with a glass of water for her, she took a little sip but started to cough even more, I carefully caressed her back hopefully I were able to help her a little.

"Mommy what's going on with pretty?" Sabrina asked mom worried and scared.


"Come why don't us ladies go and make cookies for Talia?" Josefine asked and Sabrina took her hand and the ladies walked out.

I saw all the ladies have tears in their eyes. I'm sure it have not been easy to read Talia's story.

Hell it were painful to just read it, and I had tears running down my face,and I saw both my brothers did as well as all the boys and men in Lia's family including Cole and Zach.

Talia grabbed the phone and tried to tap on it through her insane coughing.

'Caleb Alon

She were not able to continue to write more before she started throwing up blood. And it were so much blood.
Lia held a hard grip on my shirt and she didn't let go. Michel tried to take her out my lap but she didn't letgo.

"Kayden can you carry her and follow us?" Michel asked frantic and I nodded.

Theo took her phone and looked at what she tried to write. "Who is Caleb Alon something?" Theo asked looking at phone in shock.

"The doctor that was in charge of Talia in Seattle before she got sent home here?" Leon said.

"I will give him a call right away, I guess she want him" Dad said to Leon and he quickly nodded and we rushed out of there.

I'm carrying Lia who is still coughing and throwing up blood, her brothers Michél, Kevin and David, Leon, her dad and grandfather as well as Theo and Declan rushed up to the medical wing.

"Lay her down here" Michel told me and I quickly ran over to the bed putting her down but she didn't want to let go of me.

"Lía please you have to let them look at you!" I said to her with tears in my eyes my voice breaking seeing her like this and covered in blood.

She just shook her head. "Bambina please, I need you to lay down,we need to figure out what's wrong!" Michel said with a worried voice she just shook her head and started to cry on my shoulder.

Then Lia looked at her phone in Theo's hands, and I looked back at Lia understanding what she is thinking.

"Lia baby please, dad have called Caleb, he is on his way, but it will still take time before he gets her, the flight from Seattle to New York is 5 hours
at least. And you need help now!" I said in a soft tone trying to stay strong for her.

"You want to wait for Caleb?" Leon asked carefully and she just nodded. "Why" Her dad asked worried. and I'm right there with him, because she need help now.

She just looked at her three medic brothers with a sad look.

"Ahaa, she don't want to put her brothers through the fact they need to perform a surgery on her, she don't want them to have that memory of her.Have I understood you correctly bambina?"Theo asked in a sad voice and she carefully nodded.

All of us just looked at her in awe over how she think of her brothers. I were now seated on the bed with Lia on my lap and she just hugging me,Michel found a basin for Lia to throw up in.

"Bambina why don't you want us to look at you?" Michel ask looking at his littlesister with so much worry.

She looked over at her brother Kevin then at Michel.

"Oh you heard Kevin say he hoped he never had to see his bambina struggle like that again after the allergic reaction?" Michel asked like he understood her now and she nodded.

"Bambina please let us help you, it hurts seeing you like this, and you need help now!" Kevin said but she just shook her head. I just kept holding her in my arms and kissing her head.

I need my baby to be okay.

"Theo, Declan go down to the others and tell her guards that when Dr
Alonso comes here they will bring him up right away, They know who he is!" Leon said looking at Lia with so much sadness, Declan and Theo nodded and headed out the door but before they closed it they got one more look at Lia.
###Chapter 44.

Nico's pov

I have to say, when I saw that Cole and Zach tossed her in to pool and expected she would yell at them as a result I were pissed.

But seeing my bambina giving them a little beat down like that after made me truly proud of her! She have the Bianchi blood in herthat is for sure!

Michel looked at their injuries after and she had fractured Zachs femur.broken a rib on Cole and giving both of them a mean black eye, I smirked a little seeing them after that.

But when Talia came down though and her guards moved aside that smirked quickly disappeared.

She have so many bruises and scars on her that I immediately had tears in my eyes.

I looked over to Zach and Cole and they had the same reaction as me. She truly haven't had a easy life just from the look of her body.


Then when Theo added me to a group with everyone else here in the room except for Sabrina of course I couldn't myself I cried for my sister.


The hell she have been living, and me, Cole, Zach and Dante told her to go back to her life before because she don't belong.


I know Dante and me have changed how we look at Talia, she truly have my deep respect for her before she told me all this.

But fuck, my baby sister have been living a hell of a life.
And she have been 'sold' off just so this Gregor guy could get a better position are you fucking kidding me?

If I see anyone talking down on my sister or talk down on the fact she don't talk, they will personally have to me to deal with!

I have also noticed the time after she gave me that hug in the cafeteria, she and Kayden truly is looking great together, and seeing how he is with her now, he is so respective of her.

I have gotten a new view on him, and yes I don't want my sister to date anyone because no one is good enough for her but if she s gonna date someone I'm okay with Kayden.

He also have an understanding for her only like Theo and Declan have and I truly envy that to be honest.

I hope that one day I can find someone and have it just like those two does.


Then I see Talia start to throw up blood and I'm just stuck there in a state of shock and worry, she is throwing up so much.

Is this because of the punch to her stomach? Did I do this to'her?


And then she have been keeping quiet about it since then to protect me from our family.


And even if I'm not the cause of this, I still will do everything in my power to keep mia bambina safe from ever getting hurt ever again.

After a while, we all are just sitting there, I have been reading what Talia wrote in the group chat overand over.
Suddenly Theo and Declan is walking into the living room.

I shoot up and run over to them. "How is Talia?" I ask frantic and the rest in the room look up at Declan and Theo waiting for an answer.

"She refuse to be treated by our brothers because she don't want them to have a memory of seeing her like that." Theo said quietly.

"Is she crazy? She can die if not!" Zach shouted standing up. "Won't you just get your wish if that happens?" Declan asked Zach coldly.

"What? No! I don't want her died!" Zach looked taken back with that!

"You and Cole sure have a fun way of showing it" Theo said just as coldly.

Zach sat down defeated on the couch

"Look.. I never wanted any harm to come to her, I just wanted to hear her voice, I miss my sweet little Talia who could never shut up when she were young, now she don't speak at all! I need to hear her voice!" Zach said with his head in his hands.

"She will speak when she is ready for it, and now we all know the real reason behind it so I expect everyone here to respect it" Uncle Mason said with tears in his eyes which we all nodded to even the oldest of the Miller family.


"Jacob, Talia said you got information on the Irish, maybe we can go together and work on taking them down once and for all when Talia is better and after the mafia ball next weekend at the Russian?" Uncle Em asked Jacob who nod.


"Yes of course, my plan were to talk to our alliance about it even before knowing Talia belong to your mafia." Jacob said.
"I also have pictured from Talias old home I took when we were there.I will say it's not great but I have them if you want them. I took them in case her biological family were no better than her mother so we maybe could adopt her if she wanted, but I'm happy to know you are her family I know she will be treated right especially when all this have come to light!"Jacob said.

"Please can you send it to the group Talia have given us the information in already?" Uncle Andrew asked and Jacob nodded and sent them all and what I saw broke my heart.

"The blood spots is as I believe that places they have given her a beating."Jacob explained.

"Maybe you should'also send the pictures we took of Talia at the hospital honey. I'm sure they need to see some happy pictures after all the sad news today" Linda said walking into the living room with some cookies on a plate and our aunties and grandma also carried some.

"I would love to see them, God knows I need it right now!" Dante said dejected.

"Well I will love to show them but just know Kayden is in many of them!"Jacob said smirking.

"Honestly, we all can see how good Kayden is for Talia, if she gonna be with someone I'm happy it's Kayden" Joshua said smiling

"I would never think anyone of you would accept Kayden with your princess" Victor said smirking.

"Well we all see how they bond together, honestly I'm jealous" Zane chuckled.
Jacob sent the pictured of Talia from the hospital. And they were all of Talia without makeup on so we could see all the bruises clear as day.

One she and Kayden were sleeping in the hospital bed pretty cutely I have to say.

Then she playing the piano and he sit next to her and many slow dance.

Another where they sitting on a sofa and she put whipped cream on his face and Linda laughing hard.


One they were out on a balcony and Talia smiling brightly and Kayden admiring her instead of the view.

They truly do look great together, and you can see that in every picture how Kayden care for Talia.
###Chapter 45.

Theo's pov

I never think I will get the memory of my twin throwing up blood like that out of my head.


It were the scariest shit I have ever seen. It have now been close to 6hours since it all happen and suddenly I see one of our guards walking in with a man and two ladies as well as two police officers.


I walked out to them "One of you are Caleb Alonso?" I asked them with a firm voice.


"Yes and these are two nurse that help and assist me during surgery and they also know Talia, Jacob said I had to hurry and Leon also said to bring these two officers that also know Talia." Dr Alonso answered.

"Okay, this way" I said and walked up the stairs a little more hurried and they quickly came after me.


I knocked on the door to the room Talia is in. And I see Talia sitting pale still on Kayden lapclutching onto his shirt.

Leon sat on a chair next to the bed, dad and grandpa on a chair not far away Leon, and our three medic brothers sitting on some chairs up against a wall.

I saw Talia's guards as well standing guards out in the wall. They were supposed to bring Caleb up but they didn't want to be far away from Talia.

"Oh my god Talia" Dr Alonso said rushing into the room as well as the nurses and the officers.
"Tell me what happened!" Dr Alonso said taking off his jacked and rolling up his arms of the shirt then hurried over to Talia checking her pulse.

"Earlier this week Talia got a hard punch to the stomach. and earlier today she got tossed into the pool, after she had changed and had written her life story so everyone would understand why she is how she isshe suddenly started to throw up and cough blood, but she don't want her medic school broders here to have to take on the burden to operate on her.I think it is because she don't want them to have a memory of her like that.and in case it wvon't go the right way she don't want them to feel responsible for her death!" Kayden explained and Talia just nodded weakly.

"Okay Talia now myself, nurse Emma and Elaina is here, will you allow us to help you, you need help NOW!" Dr Alonso said sternly and Talia nodded then she looked up at Kayden weakly put her hand on his cheek looking into his eyes.

He leaned down and kissed her gently on the lips "I love you Kayden"I heard a very weak voice said and we all looked at Talia in surprise, Leon.dad, grandpa, Michel, Kevin and David shot up from the chairs they were sitting on.

Her guards, Dr Alonso, the nurses and the officers all had their jaw at the floor as well as me.

Then she closed her eyes and her hand fell but Kayden catched it,and this brought everyone out of the trance, the nurses hurried over to her getting her off Kaydens lap.

"I need a surgery room ready stat, her vitals are dropping" Dr Alonso ordered.
"We have made a room ready right next door" Michel said and Dr Alonso lifted Talia in his arms and ran out after Michel and the nurse after him.


"Sir you asked for us as well?" one of the officers asked.

Leon took a few second before he turned his head to the officers.

"Yes, officer Rainey, you and officer Penalva please follow me to my office I would like to talk to you two." Leon said and start walking out then he stopped and looked at dad.

"Let me know whenever you have any news!" then he walked out with the officers.


"You two see if they need your help as well" grandpa said to my two medic brother. "You four keep guard her!" grandpa said to her guards who nodded and got out again watching over the door.


"Theo, take Kayden back to his room so he can take a shower and get out of those bloody clothes. And don't tell anyone that Talia have said anything, I think that was meant for Kaydens ears only and she is just comfortable enough around him to talk so we won't pressure her to talk!"dad said looking at me and Kayden and we both nodded.


I nudge Kaydens arm to follow me and he did.

"So you and my sister is thing?" I asked with a smirk trying to lift his mood.

I don't have anything against Kayden and never had.

He is a great guy and he truly care for Talia that is all I can ask for.

And she truly care about him as well that much is clear, taking a punch to
her stomach for him when she know she have broken ribs.

"Well we haven't officially asked each other out or anything, but I don't know, we kinda have had a thing going since the hospital in seattle, that was the first time we kissed." He said with a small smile on his lips.

We reached his bedroom "You want me to wait for you?" I asked him a little unsure.


"Sure" He said then he walked into the bathroom to take a shower.

I have to say, hearing my sisters voice truly made me happy! Even though it were a weak whisper I still got to hear her voice and I can't get over how sweet it sounded.


Thinking back to what she shared in the group chat we created, it breaks my heart knowing my sister have lived such a shitty life and it make me hate mom even more for putting my baby sister through all that!


If she think Talia were such a mistake why didn't she just leave without her?


And why tell her that dad didn't want her? Dad were over the mood when he got a baby girl.

"You okay Theo?" Kayden asked standing in gray sweatpants and a white t-shirt.


"Yeah, I just think of what Talia wrote earlier today. It were hard to hear you know" I said sitting up in his bed.


"Yeah, I know, I knew some of it but not to that extend. Hope your two idiotic brothers think about their actions after what they did because that was really messed up!" he said with a frown.
"Yeah, I think they are truly ashamed, when I were down there waiting for Dr Alonso they truly did show they were upset with themselves and they did it because they needed to hear their baby sisters voice. They are used to Talia being super chatty when she were younger, and now she don't talk. I think they just feel it. But regardless they did her wrong like that and they are kicking themself for it!" I said laid back on his bed again staring at the ceiling and he nodded at that.
###Chapter 46.

Leon's pov.

This night have my emotions have been all over the place.

First Talia know we are in the mafia and she don't think bad about us for it?


Like she just accept us for who we are, and that means so much. we were so scared for when she had to find out about it.

Then I'mn pissed at Zach and Cole for what they did! I'm proud of Talia to actually show everyone in our family her scars and bruises and then she let us all in on her past.

And I'm so ready to kill my own mother for how she have treated mia bambina! Then the shit she said that Talia were a mistake and how dad didn't want a daughter.


Then scared from seeing Talia throwing up and coughing blood. I get where Talia come from that she didn't want my brothers to have the responsibility of her life in their hands especially if something went wrong.

I just pray it's not too late and her life can be saved.

Then see she and Kayden share a kiss and she uttered those four sweet words to Kayden 'I love you Kayden'I don't know how I feel about it.


Like I see Kayden is so good to and for Talia. But am I ready to see mia bambina to have a boyfriend already?


I won't deny they are sharing something special and from the pictures Jacob shared in the group chat from her hospital stay I could see even
then he cared about her deeply.

But if he treat my baby sister right and this is something she want well then I will give them my blessing.

Because I just want Talia to have everything she can think of, she deserve the world.


Now I have these two officers fromn seattle in my office, I look at Officer Tyler Rainey he have short black hair, brown eyes, straight nose and neatly kept beard. Then Officer Riley Penalva have short sandy blond hair,blue eyes, button nose.


I have looked up their records and everything about them and I like what I see, Tyler is 32 and have over 10 years in the force, and Riley is 30 and have 9 years on the force.


"So I have an offer for you. If you are interested to move here?" Iasked looking at them with a stern look they both looked at each other.

"Well Mr Bianchi, we both know what you do for a living and honestly we don't care! If you have a job for us where we can look after Talia we would take it no question asked! Because Talia is such a sweet girl and we both kinda look at her like a baby sister, when we got her case and saw how messed up her life have been we want nothing but to keep her safe!"Tyler said with a serious expression and Riley nodded in agreement.

"So you don't mind working for the mafia?" I asked raising an eyebrow.

"Honestly sir no we don't, and you can check us for bugs, monitor our calls,phones, text, whatever you want. After we meet Talia, all we want is to keep her safe! Do we have to get rid of a body say so we will do it without question it. All wetruly care about is Talia and her happiness and safety.
She were so good and sweet to us when we were standing guard at the hospital1. She always lifted up our mood by a small smile" Riley said serious but I could see a small smile on his face.

"She already have 4 guards but I think it won't hurt with two more if you are willing to guard her?" I said with a smile on my face.

They both looked at each other then nodded with happy smile on their face.


"I do have to give a warning though, if I learn anyone of you hurt Talia or speak of any mafia business to others you know what will happen!" I said in a stern look.


"Don't worry, we don't wanna get on your bad side and hurting you is hurting Talia and like we said she is like a sister to us!" Tyler said serious.

"Good let's go and meet the other 4 of her team, you saw them in the room,I'm sure they are guarding the door to where Dr Alonso is operating." I said and stood up.


"And we will get you some clothes, Talia don't like the formal suit if it's not needed for her guards" I said looking at them and they both gave me a sheepish smile.


"Yeah, it was the same with The Miller's guard when they guarded her hospital room, she said they were standing out too much" Riley said with a chuckle which made me chuckle as well.

We walked up to the medical wing and I saw Talia's guard stil standing there. "Any news?" I asked when I got closer.

"Dr Alonso have said her broken ribs have made a tear in one the main

， ..人lantdota.bn
said they should be done in maybe 1 hour and she have gotten a lot of blood transfusion due to the blood loss." Alan said with a sad look on his face.

"But he think she will be okay?" I asked hopefully, which he only nodded to.

"Okay good, these two nice men here have know Talia since she were at the hospital in Seattle. And I have offered them to join her security team so you six willbe in charge of Talias security together! I expect you all to work nice together and Talia was very fond of them in Seattle" I informed.

"We remember, they dotted on her like a big brother their little sister the day she left" Jack laughed with a smile on his face and that made us all laugh.

"Well we do look at her like a little sister" Tyler said sheepish.

"Good then you two will fall right in place with us!" Charlie said shaking their hands and so did the rest of her team.

"I'm sure she will be happy to see you when she wake up" Ken said with a bright smile.

"We can't wait to meet her again properly when she is back up!" Riley said with just a bright smile. I smiled at the six men in front of me, Talia sure have a way to get into people's hearts.
###Chapter 47.

Kayden's pov

After me and Theo had talked a bit in my room here we went down to the living room to the others.


When we got in there mom came running up to me giving me a big hug.she also hugged Theo. I guess she could see he needed it as well.

"How is she doing?" Declan asked worried. "When the doctor got here she past out most likely due to blood loss but we have not gotten any more news after that" Theo said when he pulled out from moms hug.


"How did she look before they started? I mean her vitals and such" Cole asked sadly.


"We don't know about her vitals really because she didn't want to let them hook her up to any machines. But from what I could feel, her pulse was very weak and she was extremely pale." I said taking a spot in the couch next to Declan.


"Baby bro I'm sure she will be fine, she have a very good doctor working on her now!" my big brother Victor said putting his hands on my shoulder from behind the couch.


"Don't worry big brother, pretty will be good as new, you will have your princess!" Sabrina said crawling up on my lap and gave me a hug.

I chuckled at her silliness, "Sabi who said that say Talia is big brothers princess?" Stuart asked our baby sister chuckling.

Sabrina pointed at mom and the ladies of the Bianchi "They did, theyall say that pretty is your princess" Sabrina giggled.
I looked over at mom and the other ladies who just giggled with Sabrina.

"I'm at a loss for words" I said baffled.

"You know I would never want my baby sister to date anyone bout you do her good Kayden" Nico on the opposit couch from me. I looked at him.

"Thanks Nico, I will head up and see if it's any update on Lia" I said standing up

"I will come with you!" Nico and Declan said in unison and we all walked up to the medic wing.


"I see you make my sister happy! And I don't want to see her hurt so never hurt her please! I won't hold back if you do!" Nico said a little soft and both me and Declan is looking at him shocked.

"I know I'm not the right one to talk I have already hurt my baby sister,but please Kayden don't break her heart, and you know I'm not really a person to talk all this mushy stuff." Nico said a bit embarrassed.

"Don't worry Nico I never wanna do anything to hurt Talia, and your secret feeling is safe with me!" I said looking at him with a serious expression to show I mean my words.

"Look at you two" Declan chuckled, "Who would believe just three days ago you Nico wanted to beat Kayden to stay away from Talia, here you are giving him your blessing to date our sister!" Declan finished chuckling which also made me and Nico chuckle!


It's crazy to think how much have change is such short time, and that is just because of Talia, I need her to be fine!

I got her into my life not so long ago and my life is so much better with
her in it.

We got to the medic wing and we saw Leon and Talia's four guards and two other men standing and talking.

"Any news Leon?" Nico asked his brother, the seven men all turned to look at us.


Oh that is the two police officers that were watching over Talia in Seattle.

"According to Dr Alonso she should be out of surgery soon, one of her broken ribs teared one of her main arteries. And she have gotten a lot of blood transfusion. But she should be fine." Leon informed us with a smile and I felt myself let out a breath I didn't know I were holding.

I looked at Declan and Nico and I saw they were just as relieved as me."Good to see you are still just as smitten with our sweet Talia as you were a little over a week ago!" Officer Rainey said with a chuckle.


"Not you two!" I said with a groan, "guess that's the new thing now?Teasing me and Talia?" I gave them all 'are you serious' look.

They all just laughed. "What are you and officer Penalva doing here?" I asked looking at Officer Rainey.


"We are coming to work here to watch over Talia with the rest of her security team" Officer Rainey said happily.


"Oh damn, so we won't get rid of you guys that easily huh?" I asked smirking at the two of them.


"Nope, so now you are stuck with our teasing every time you see your dear Talia" Officer Penalva said smirking and I groaned while the other laugh.
"And since we no longer is officers of the law, please call us by our names Tyler and Riley" Tyler said with a smile.


Just then the door open and Dr Alonso, nurse Emma, nurse Elaina with Talia's three brothers came out with Talia in a bed unconscious and hooked up to a lot of machines.


I ran up to the bed "How is she doing Dr Alonso?" I asked looking concerned at Lia in the bed.


"Let us get her into the hospital room and we will explain it all Kay, but now she is doing fine!" He said looking at me with a tired smile I nodded and stepped aside so they couId take her into the room next door and her Dad and grandpa were still waiting inside there.

When the nurses got her situated Dr Alonso looked at us all.

"It was two times it was touch and go. Her heart stopped" He said looking at us with a sad look.


I couldn't help myself I slowly moved closer to Talia and took her hand in mine I sat down on the chair there and pulled her hand up to my mouth and kissed it.


"She lost a lot of blood but we have béen able to fix the damage done, she will be sleeping till the morning at least but she will have to take it easy for a while, and if it's okay we would like to stay here for a while to make sure she will stay out of danger?" Dr Alonso explained then looked at Leon.


"First of thank you so much for all your help with our sweet Talia" Leon started looking at the three of them with gratitude.


"Please we would cross hell and hack for our sweet Talia" Dr nlona cnid
with a smile looking at the unconscious Talia.

"That,gets me to the second part, instead of just stay here awhile longer why not permanently work for us? That way you all get to see Talia every day!" Leon said with a smile and Dr Alonso and both the nurses smiled brightly and nodded happily!

"Yes, please let us work here Mr Bianchi we will be with Talia!" The nurses said in unison excited.
###Chapter 48.

Declan's pov

What a night. First Talia surprise us with how great she look, then Zach and Cole toss her in the pool, then Talia is kicking their asses.

Then she come down showing her body and how bad it truly looks, then tell her story to EVERYONE then she started throwing up blood.

Now hearing how her heart stopped twice tonight.

But it sure fill me with happiness seeing Kay with Talia right now,he truly care for her deeply.

I can see that she is all he see and care about right now, it's like we are not even here. His eyes is completely focused on Talia.

I look and uncle Arthur and grandpa they are also looking at Talia. But they seem to have a ghost of a small smile.

I saw Kay and the Doctor share a look and the doctor give a nod and Kayden and Dr Alonso carefully moved Talia and Kay laid down beside Talia in bed.


I looked at Nico he looked like he is blushing a little and I wanted to burst out laughing.

Leon, uncle and grandpa looked like they were smirking. The nurses looked in awe at Talia and Kay. Our three medic brothers looked shocked at uncle, grandpa and Leon for letting Kay lay like this next to Talia.

I saw Kay laying on his side, resting his head on one of his arms and caressing her stomach above her comforter with his other hand. Then she
moved a little so she rested her head against his chest.

That made all of us looked at Dr Alonso confused. "I'm sure she is subconsciously seeking comfort in Kayden, they slept like this every night in the hospital in Seattle. They have a close bond" He whispered smiling loud enough for us to hear.

"But she will stilI sleep till morning so we should let her rest. Me, Emma and Elaina will take turn on checking on her till she wake up, and she is in good hands with Kayden right here so we should leave and let her rest!"Dr Alonso said.


"Were well we should go and get some rest too and let everyone else know Talia is out of surgery and she will rest till morning" Grandpa said sternly.

"Grandpa you can't be serious letting her sleep in bed with a guys?" Kevin whisper shouted.


"Yes, so now let's go!" Uncle said standing up, kissed Talia on her forehead, so did the rest of us then we headed out.


Her 6 guards would take shift in standing guard for Talia's room and we went down to the living room.


"How is Talia" Dad asked when we all entered the living room. Grandpa nodded to Dr Alonzo and he nodded back.


"We have been able to fix the damage made by her broken ribs she already had from her incident in Seattle. During the surgery it were two times it was a bit of a touch and go, her heart stopped two times. But right now she is resting and will be resting till morning at least, Kayden is there now to make sure she is good and myself and the nurses will take turns on check on her." Dr Alonso Said in his dr tone.
"So everyone go to bed and get some hours with rest and we will know more in the morning!" uncle said sternly and we all nodded. At least now Talia is ouat danger.

We all headed to bed and quickly fallen asleep. Theo and Kyle ended up fallen asleep in my room today.

Kayden's pov


After I got into the room with Talia when she was out of surgery I have not been able to take my eyes of her!

When she moved closer subconsciously it make my heart skip a beat.

I still have not been able to get those four words she spoke before her surgery out of my head.


And her voice! Her voice was so sweet even if it was hoarse and weak.I know when she will be comfortable to speak freely I know her voice will be music to my ears!


Even though I have not known her for long, we have already been gone through a lot together, she have truly made her way into my heart and she is there to stay!


I regret not saying the three words back to her before she lost consciousness. Now I just can't wait for her to open those beautiful eyes of hers.


I carefully pulled one of my arms behind her head so she were resting on my arm.


Then I carefully pulled her closer to me, I gave her a quick kiss on her lips then her forehead then I rested my head on her head and dosed off.
I woke up to someone caressing my cheek, I quickly open my eyes and looked into a pair of beautiful ivy purple eyes looking into my eyes as well.

"Baby you are awake!"I whisper happily before carefully pull her into a hug she weakly returned.

She looked into my eyes and cupped my cheek with one of her hands then she leaned into kiss me and I meet her half way. Feeling her lips on mine again makes everything just feel right.

We pulled away from the kiss when there were a knock on the door and in came Dr Alonso.


"Good morning Talia, Kayden how did you sleep?" He asked us, Talia smiled and then nodded I looked at her and chuckled "We slept good.hope you got some sleep as well doc?" I said looking up at Dr Alonso.

"Good to hear, and yes I did thank you, and now since I'm gonna work here from now on let us just stick to first name!" he said smiling and Talia brighten up smiling wide at the news.

Then she reached her hands out indicating she wanted a hug and Caleb laughed and hugged her.


"I'm very happy too, that I get to see you every day" he said when he pulled away smiling at her. She then looked at me and made a motion to tap on a phone so I handed her my phone.


'Can I go back to my room to take a shower? I wanna have breakfast with the family :-D'


"Hmm, I would say taking a shower can be a bit too much for you without help, but maybe I can haye Emma and Elaina to help you?" Caleb asked and Talia nodded
"Okay, maybe Kayden can carry you back to your room and I will have Emma and Elaina to follow to help you!" Caleb said and I picked her up after he unhooked her from the machines and took the IV out of her arm.


I walked out and towards her room with Emma and Elaina followed.When I got in there I put her down on her bed.

"I will wait for you outside your bedroom, I will just take a shower and change clothes" I said before give her a quick kiss and she nodded with a sweet smile then I headed out.
###Chapter 49.

Talia's pov

Waking up in Kayden's arms again was the best feeling. I have truly missed sleeping next to him.

And he is always so good to me, he make my stomach tingle with so many butterflies especially when he kiss me.


"You know Talia I'm truly happy you have such a great guy as Kayden to care for you and he truly seem to care for you deeply" Emma said with a genuine smile and it made me blush hard.


"If you had been my daughter I would be so happy to see you with a guy like Kayden. And now that we will be personally work for you and your family we can get to tease you even more with him" Elaina said with a smirk.


During my stay at the hospital in Seattle Elaina with Linda kinda became mother figures to me anad Emma became like a big sister, as well as the two officer and Caleb became like uncles or big brothers to me.

And everyday, everyone were teasing me and Kayden with how cute we look together.

And that always ended up.with me and Kayden blush like crazy and that made the others just laugh.


Now Emma and Elaina had just helped me take a shower and while Emma found some clothes for me, Elaina blow dried my hair and braided it to one side so my hair were resting over one shoulder and she let a few strands of hair frame my face.
Then I were about to take on a like makeup just to hide the bruises and Emma ended up doing it for me, saying I shouldn't stress before they both helped me get dressed.

Emma had found a red set of laced lingerie and then they put on a Klara summer dress that were white and had violet flowers on it.

"You look perfect honey. I will see if Kayden is waiting outside" Elaina said and I nodded.


Elaina open the door and told Kayden to come in, and when he did he stopped in his track looking at me and I could see he swallowed and this made Emma and Elaina giggled.

"Lost you voice there Kayden?" Emma giggled and it made both me and Kayden blush.

"What? no I just.... wow Lia you look so beautiful" he said walking up to me with a warm smile on his face and gave me a quick kiss on my lips and Emma and Elaina squealed in excitement.


Then he lifted me up bridal style "Let's go and get some food in you baby!"he said with so much affection in his voice and I nodded.


When we got out in the hallway that was when I noticed I had to more guards standing there and I smiled so brightly.


"Hello honey, It is so good to see you again, we have missed you" Tyler said giving me a good hug still in Kayden's arms. I pulled away then pointed at me then him motion that I missed him too.

"Well now we don't need to miss you anymore sweetie, you will see us everyday!" Riley said coming to give me a hug as well and I smiled -hugging him back as well.
"They have now become a part of your protection team together with me,Charlie, Jack and Ken" Alan said smiling at me and I nodded happily.

"Good, I'm glad you are happy about it. I don't know what I would do if you were to chase us away." Riley said wiping away his imaginary sweat on his forehead and I smiled while the other laughed.


Then we headed down to the dining room. When my guards entered the dining room all conversation died down.

Then Kayden stepped in with me in his arms and they all looked shocked to see me, I guess uncle Caleb didn't tell them I would be joining them.

I looked at Caleb and saw he smiled brightly. "You see, I figured we should let it be a surprisethat you would be joining us for breakfast" He said and I smirked and nodded.


"How are you feeling bambina?" Nona asked standing up and came and gave me a hug and I just smiled and nodded. The rest of my family as well as the Miller came and gave me a hug and told me they were so glad to see I'm doing alright.


I then looked over at Cole and Zach and I could see they were feeling so guilty, and I no longer got the bad vibes from them.

I looked up at Kayden then I pointed over to Zach and Cole indicate I wanted to get over to them.

"Are you sure Lia?" He asked a bit worried and I nodded. Then he walked over to where they were sitting at the table and when we got over there both of them stood up and looked at me with so sad looks on their face.

"Talia, we can not tell you enough how sorry we are for how we have

-11 ... .. . . ..	1doum
his face.

"We will do everything in our power to make it up to you even if it will take the rest of our life to make you forgive us!" Cole said just as sad.

I looked them deep into their eyes and saw nothing but truth, honesty,sincerity, guilt and sadness. I reached my hands out to Cole indicating I want a hug.

And He didn't hesitate to pull me into a hug.

Then I cling to him and he ended up holding me bridal style holding me tightly and he started to cry in the nock of my neck. Zach also came to hug me while I were in Coles arms.

"We truly are so sorry bambina" they bóth cried hugging me. I pulled a bit away from the hug then I looked at both of them.

Then I pointed at myself, then made a heart with my fingers and pointed to both of them. Telling I loved them both.

That made them cry even more and hugged me tightly again "We love you so much bambina! And you will always be our little sorellina!" Cole said though his cries. "Are you giving us a chance to start over bambina?"Zach asked cupping my face with tears down his face.

I cupped his face as well and wiped away his tears with my thumbs and he leaned into my touch, I smile and nodded to them both then I also wiped Coles tears.


I pointed at the table then rubbed my stomach saying we should eat which made everyone laugh and we sat down I were sitting on Zach's lap with Cole to our left and Kayden sat down on our right.
Miranda and her helper came with the food, I smiled and bowed my head and she gave me a smile.

And we started to eat our breakfast and Cole ended up getting my leftovers. I'm happy Zach and Cole have been able to come around.
###Chapter 50.

Talia's pov

The rest of the breakfast were filled with laughter,smiles and jokes.

Then when we were done eating we just kept sitting there, and Zach were just hugging me gently but tightly.

"Dr Alonso?" Linda asked looking at Caleb. "Linda let us all drop the formalities, we all know Talia don't like it!" Caleb said looking at Linda and that made me chuckle which in return made everyone at the table smile brightly.

"True that, okay Caleb, is Talia cleared to come with me on a shopping trip for a dress for the mafia ball next weekend? We start to be short on time.especially if we find a dress that need to have some alteration done to it." Linda said looking a bit serious.

"Hmm, she did have a very big surgery last night and should take it with ease!" He said looking at me worried.


I looked over at my guard Ken who hold my notebook, he came over with it.


What if Kayden came with and carried me if it's not too much stress for him? And you uncle Caleb can come with just to be on the safe side?'


Kayden saw it when I were writing it then I turned my book around so Caleb could read it too. "I don't mind and it's definitely not stress carry you, you bare weight anything" Kayden said looking down at me with a smile which I return.


"Uncle Caleb. I love that!" Caleb said with the biggest smile on his face.
"And yes, I would feel more safe letting you go if I can join incase something happens to you stitches on your stomach! But you have to promise you will be careful" Caleb said and I nodded at him ,then I looked at my dad and Leon with the puppy dog eyes asking for permission to go as well.

"I can never say no to you making that face!" Dad said laughing.

"Same here, I'm okay with that but you better take all your 6 guards with you!" Leon said looking at me with a smile. I smiled back nodded and looked at Linda with a huge smile.


"Is it okay if we also tag along?" Nona asked sweetly. And I nodded.

"Yes a girls day with our baby!" Aunty Alice shouted excited which made all of them laugh.

"I almost feel sorry for Kayden and uncle Caleb that have to be stuck with all the ladies!" Theo said chuckling.

"Well I get to spend the day with Lia so it's more you guys I feel bad for that will have time away from her!" Kayden said smirking and my brothers groan.

"Damn I didn't think of that!" Dante saidI dejected which made all the grown ups around the table laugh.

"Okay,well we ladies will go and get ready for our girls day then,and we will go after, enjoy the little time left with Talia before be take her with us"Aunty Lyla said with a smile and the ladies stood up.

That ended up with all my brother looking at me with serious looks and I swallowed nervously. Cole snatched me out of Zach's lap then he hold me tightly. Then Bryan and Adam snatched me and hug me tightly.
Then Zane came and hugged me tightly before Brandon came and hugged me and kissed my forehead. Then Kevin hugged me kissing my cheek before Lucian took me away hugging me.

Then Kyle. Theo and Declan hold me tight kissing my cheeks and forehead, next were Joshua hugging me before Kieran hugged me and kissing my face none stop.

Michel came and hugged me and kissed my head "Bambina be safe and take it easy okay!" he said looking into my eyes and I smiled and nodded.Then Nathan came and took me out of his arms and hugged me tightly.

Nico took me after that hugging me tightly, "send us a message if you need one of us! We will miss you till we see you later!" He said and t kissed his cheek with a smile.

Then Aaron and David hugged me together and gave me a kiss on each of my cheeks. "Please be safe bambina!" They both said in unison and 1smiled and nodded.

Then Dante came and hugged me. "I can't wait to see the dress you will pick out bambina! I'm sure you will be the most beautiful lady at the ball next weekend!" Dante said into my neck.


I looked at him with a big smile and kissed his cheek as a thank you for his sweet words.


Then Leon came and hugged me "Please be safe, and take it with ease. If you need anything don't hesitate to send anyone of us a message, or let one of your guards know! But I'm sure Kayden will watch over you he.sure care for you deeply" Leon whispered in my ear and I pulled away from him, kissed his cheek then hugged him again.
Then uncle Em came and hugged me before uncle Andrew then uncle Mason. Then papa came and hugged me "Please mia bambina be safe. I don't want you to overdo it today! Remember you are our most treasured person, I don't like sending you out when you just had a big surgery,but I trust that your guards, Kayden and Caleb will watch over you and the ladies will dote on you a lot!" papa said chuckling which made me give him a bright smile and nodded.


Then lastly dad came and hugged me "I know you are just going out on a shopping trip with the ladies but please remain safe! And don't overdo it!"Dad said cupping my face. "And I want you to sit with me during diner today I always have to share you with your brothers!" dad whisper in my ear I chuckled lowly and dad pulled away and his face lit up with a bright smile and I nodded at him!


"Okay then it's a date" he said and I nodded. "I love you bambina" he said and I pointed at me made hearts with my fingers and pointed at him then kissed both his cheeks and he kissed my forehead.


I made my way over to Kayden who quickly picked me up bridal style with a smile on his face. Then his two big brothers came over to us. "Don't say you have forgotten about us" Victor said with a pout on his face, I smiled and shook my head and pulled Victor in to a tight hug.

"You be safe Talia, you know you are just as much our princess as the Bianchi's princess" Stuart said with a smile hugging me,I smiled and hugged him back. Then the ladies came down, said their goodbye and we headed out, Sabrina also came along with us of course.


I ended up in Kayden's car, Caleb, Jack and Charlie sat in the back, while I sat in the passenger seat and Kayden drove the car. The ladies in one car and the rest of my guards in one car.

###Chapter 51.
Kayden's pov.
When Lia wanted to go over to Zach and Cole I felt somehow about it after what they did yesterday but I trust Lia's gut feeling and they truly looked sad and feeling guilty about it all.
And I'm happy they have been able to come around and made up with Lia, they are her brothers after all and it warmed my heart seeing the smile on her face.
During breakfast I noticed they truly doted on her and that is what she deserved.
Then when they talked about her going out shopping with mom, I love how she immediately thought I could come with and carry her. I honestly love having her in my arms, so of course, I would not say no to that!
Now on the way to the mall, I put my hand on her thigh and she held mine with one of her own. I could see in the rearview mirror the three grown-ups in the back of the car smirking, looking between me and Lia.
When we got to the mall, I walked over to her side of the car, opened the door, and just straight up lifted her in a bridal style position right away. She wrapped her arms around my neck and smiled up at me.
"Are you ready for this? The ladies will be going crazy! Worse than what us and your brothers did last time we went shopping?" Jack said smiling, and Talia dropped her smile immediately, which made Jack, Ken, Charlie, and Alan burst out laughing.
The rest of us looked at them with raised eyebrows.
"You see Talia here, she is not very fond of shopping!" Ken explained and looked down at Talia in my arms with an amused look on his face, and she shook her head.
"And when we as well as Theo and Aaron went shopping with her to get more stuff, well you can say the six of us went shopping crazy and Talia had promised Theo not to argue, so all she could do was just follow us around and accept all we found for her!" Alan chuckled.
"Well I think we need her to give us the same promise, don't you think ladies?" mom said looking at the ladies. Lia looked like all her color drained from her face, and all of us started to laugh while Lia didn't find it funny.
'We are here just for some dresses right?'
She showed us her book and the rest of us laughed again.
"I'm sorry bambina, you will be pampered by all of us as well, so no complaining and accept it all please. It will make us super happy to spoil our princess we have missed so many years with already!" Josefine said, looking at Talia with a hopeful look.
Lia looked at them all and they all had a hopeful look on their face. Then she let out a heavy sigh.
'I promise I will let you get me anything and everything you all deem necessary and important.'
She then rested her head against my chest like she had lost an argument and it made us all laugh.
"Thank you honey," All the ladies said in unison. Then we started to head into the mall.
From time to time I noticed Talia trace a finger over the pattern on my t-shirt, and honestly, feeling her touching me like that was setting my nerves on fire. I looked down at her with a smile then whispered into her ear.
"Babe, you doing that is testing my self-control more than I wanna admit. You're making it very difficult for me to stay composed in the middle of a mall!"
She looked at me and blushed hard, then bit her lower lip, and that was just as much of a temptation.
We reached one dress store and the ladies started to look around for a dress for Lia and one for themselves. I sat down in a chair with Lia on my lap.
"Please Lia, stop biting your lip out in public, you make it very hard for me to keep my cool around you!" I whispered in her ear with a chuckle and she blushed even more.
Then she moved a little on my lap, I guess to get comfortable, but I think she noticed how much her proximity was affecting my body. She stopped all movement, looked at me in shock, then she smirked.
"Yes, that is the effect you have on me," I whispered with a little blush of my own. She then cupped my cheek and looked deep into my eyes.
And from what I could read in her eyes, I had the same effect on her as well.
I leaned closer to kiss her lips and she immediately responded. We deepened the kiss then suddenly Sabrina spoke up "mommy, mommy look? Big brother Kay and pretty look so cute!" She squealed and me and Lia pulled away looking at the others.
All the ladies in our group looked at us in awe and Caleb with the guards smirked. Lia hid her face in my chest and I chuckled.
"You really are too cute for your own good babe!" I whispered to her then kissed her on top of her head.
"Talia honey, can you come over here? I need you to try on a few dresses and Kayden is not allowed to see it until next weekend!" mom said to Lia who in return took a deep breath then I helped her stand up on her legs.
She walked over to where mom and the other ladies were. Mom and Lia went to the changing room. After a while Josefine told Caleb to cover my eyes because I'm not allowed to see, and he did.
All I could hear was that the ladies were all very satisfied with the dress Talia had on, and all I wanted to do was remove Caleb's hands to see her for myself but I know I can't and now I can't wait to see her next Saturday.
When she got back to take off the dress, Caleb removed his hand then smirked at me.
"You will lose your breath when you see her, I can say that much!" He said giving me a big smirk. "Argh you're no fair Caleb!" I groaned, and Caleb and the guards laughed.
Then Lia came back to me and sat down on my lap and got comfortable, while we watched the ladies get their dresses as well as a beautiful princess dress for my baby sister.
Lia just rested her head against my chest and I rested my head on hers. After they got everything they needed at this store, we went to another store. Mom and the ladies ordered some hair and makeup stylists to come to the Bianchi household next Saturday so they all could get ready together.
Talia was just resting in my arms the entire time, already so done with the shopping. I'm kinda glad she is not one of those shopping-happy girls.
###Chapter 52.

Talia's pov

I do have to say though I'm pretty happy with the dress we choose to settle on, now that we have the dress I'm so done with shopping but the ladies had other plans.

So I were just resting in Kayden's arms, when we got to a store he sat down in a chair with me on his lap, I saw it were a few girl in the store looking at Kayden but he didn't pay them any mind and that made my heart flutter.

The ladies got into so many stores and got much stuff, I truly don't get why people love shopping so much, and why do they need all those clothes?

It will honestly just make it more difficult to find something to wear because you have so many more options.

When i's time for lunch we went to a restaurant instead of the food court,guess the ladies isn't that fond of fast food not that I complain, I rather take proper food then the greasy food at the food court.

Even at the restaurant Kayden didn't let me sit on my own chair and I didn't mind, I love sitting on his lap!

I ordered a chicken salad and as always I were not able to eat it all but uncle Caleb were proud to see how much I were able to eat and Kayden ate my leftovers.

After we were done eating it were back to shopping.

Like oh my god, I would almost think they have gotten half the mall at
this point.

We went to a jewelry store and the ladies found a lot of new necklaces,earings, bracelets and rings for me.

I saw Kayden got something as well but he didn't let me see what it was.

After we were done there we got into a few other clothing store then a few shoe store and I just wanted to go home, relax watch a movie or something.

We spend maybe two more hours at the mall before we were heading home.

Kayden were driving, me in the passenger seat, Jack, Alan and Caleb in the backseat.

"So little flower, did you enjoy shopping?" Alan asked with a chuckle.

I looked back at him with a 'what do you think look', and this made all the guys laughing Kayden included.

'What is so great about shopping? Getting so much stuff just makes it more difficult to find something to wear due to so many options....

I turned around my book and all the guys laughed again. "Well I see your point, at least you were lucky and didn't have to walk around the entire time pumpin" Jack said with a laugh and I blushed and that again made them all laugh.

"Well it have definitely been my best shopping trip" Kayden said grabbing my hand and chuckled when he saw how much I blushed from that and the three in the backseat laughed.
When we got home the guards carried all my new stuff up to my room and Kayden carried me. The guards started to put my new stuff in place,then suddenly Emma and Elaina comein smiling at me.

"We have talked to Leon and your dad, not only will we be working here as nurses but we will also personally be your maids, to help you with cleaning your room, if you need help getting dressed and other stuff."Elaina said super excited and I just looked at her shocked.

"And trust me, we are super happy with that,so now we will help getting your stuff sorted so you and the others can head down, relax,watch a movie with the rest of the family until diner.

" Emma said happily and I slowly nodded and before I were able to stand up Kayden lifted me up and my six guards and now two maids laughed.

'Don't you get tired of carrying me around all the time?

I asked Kayden and he just shook his head with a smile "I wish I could carry you around everywhere?" he said with a smile and that made blush hard again.

Then he hold me tight to his chest and we walking down the stairs.

"And I know the second we get down, everyone will fight to have you on their lap so I have to make the most out of the situation I can!" he said then gave me a wink and my guards laughed.

"You are right about that!" Riley laughed.

I just smiled and shook my head. But as the guys predicted, when we got into the cinema room, Cole came running up to us, he looked first at Kayden for permission Kayden gave a nod and before i could blink I were in Coles arms and Kayden with my guards just laughed.
"Sorellina did you have good shopping trip?" Cole asked with a bright smile and I smiled back and nodded.

"Good, I can't wait to see what dress you.guys picked out for next saturday" He said with a bright smile.

"Did Kayden see the dress?" Theo asked questionable I shook my head.Then Theo looked at Kayden. "No I didn't get to see it, the ladies ordered Caleb to cover my eyes." Kayden said with a pout.

"We got to see it and I can say Talia will be the most beautiful lady at the ball!" Alan said with a proud smile and I blushed.

"Of course she will, hell she can go in there in just her pj's and she will still be the most beautiful lady there!" Dante said proud and that made everyone laugh hard.

We ended up watching some action movie before dinner and as I promised dad I sat on his lap.

He more or less just hugged me the entire time. "I'm just so happy you are home with us bambina!" he whispered in my ear, I just smiled and nodded to him.

We all had some conversation around the table then after we all went to the cinema room to watch some more movies again, I had to switch laps a few times during the movies we were watching.

I guess that's the downside on having so many brothers, even Kayden's big brothers wanted me on their lap.

They said and I quote 'You are just like our little sister too, and especially now that it seem like you gnd Kayden is a thing'
When we started the fourth movie I were on Kayden's lap and it didn't take long until I fell asleep on Kayden's lap holding a good grip on his t-shirt. He always makes me feel so safe in his arms and I know I have nothing to worry about.
###Chapter 53.

Kayden's pov

When we were gonna start the fourth movie Lia were sitting on my lap,she made herself comfortable and I just held around her tightly.

When she fell asleep I didn't pay any attention to the movies anymore, I only had my eyes on her.


She is so beautiful it's crazy, and she is so kind hearted, caring and loving towards everyone! Her personality in itself is to fall for. Then add her amazing looks she is perfect!

I still have not been able to get her voice outof my head, and I still have not been able to tell her I love her too.

But I will. And I want to properly ask her if she want to be my girlfriend.

Suddenly I see Arthur walk over to me then he crouching down looking at Talia.

"I see she have fallen asleep. Why don't you carry her to bed, I will let Emma and Elaina put her in her pj's and I saw yesterday she sleep better with you by her side so if you don't mind sleep next to her? But no funny business!" He whispered to me.

I look at him and then gave him a nod. Then carefully stood up with Lia in my arms and walked upstairs.

Her guards followed us and we meet Emma and Elaina by her room.

I got in then carefully put her on the bed. Jack and Riley need to help me get her to let go of my t-shirt.
Then us guys walked out of the room so the ladies could help her get ready for bed.

"She truly is attached to you" Tyler whispered with a chuckled and I blushed.


"But it don't look like you have anything against it either!" Jack snickered.I just smiled "No I truly don't!" I whispered back.

"I will go and take a quick shower and change then I will be back" I whispered and her guards smirked and nodded I just smiled and shook my head, then I headed back to my room.

I did my business, then took a quick shower, I put on a boxer and some shorts and a clean t-shirt, brushed my teeth and went back to Talia's room.

I were talking low with her guards until Emma and Elaina walked out.

"She is ready and tucked in Roméo, hope you two have great sleep" Elaina said and gave me a wvink.

"Oh stop it, we are just gonna sleep!" I whispered smiled and shook my head before I walked inside hearing they all snickered in the hallway.

I carefully got into bed with her, pulled her closer to me, put one arm under her head holding around her, she quickly put her head on my chest and one arm around my stomach.

I put my other and on the one she holding over me. For a while I'm just looking at her, memorizing everything about her face again then I slowly drifted off to sleep as well.

Leon's pov
I saw dad walked over to Kayden and not long after he walked up with Talia in his arms. I walked over to dad "What did you say to Kayden?"I whispered.


He looked at me and smiled "I told him to carry her to bed, that her new maids will get her ready for bed and then he should sleep in bed with her,you also saw how comfortable she slept in his arms yesterday. But I also told him no funny business." he whispered back.


I chuckled, "I'm glad they have your blessing dad, they truly do look good together even though my protectiveness as a big brother want to keep them apart I see he is doing her so much good as well!" I whispered with a smile.


"Yeah, true that, I will head up soon to just make sure they ain't doing something they shouldn't you wanna join?" he whispered and I nodded so we sat down and we kept watching the movie for a bit longer.

40 minute later we stood up said goodnight to everyone then made our way up to Talia's room.


We saw Tyler and Jack standing guards, "Any issues?" I whispered and they shook their heads. "Good, who is gonna keep watch after you two?" 1whispered.


"Next is Ken and Alan, then its Riley and Charlie in the morning." Tyler whispered. "Good, we just gonna check in on her" Dad whispered.


When we open the door none of us could help but have smile on our faces.

Kayden were holding her close with one arm around her,she had her head on his chest, one arm around his torso, and he holding her hand with his, and they both had a smile on their sleeping faces.
Suddenly we hear a few more footsteps behind us and more of our brothers cameto see what we were looking at.

I were expecting them to start to rage about this but they all surprised us just smiling and the sight in front of us.

After they all had seen it we closed the door to let them sleep in peace.

"I have to say, I never thought I would like to see my bambina in bed with anyone but damn they do look cute!" Lucian whispered.

"I see he make her happy!" Zach whispered. "I don't think she can find anyone better for her then Kayden" Nathan whispered.

"I were not happy when grandpa let him sleep like that in bed with her yesterday but I can see she need him just as much as we need her!"Michel said.


The rest of the brothers also give their opinion and all of them were positive, even our uancles were positive to it.

I looked at Victor and Stuart and they both smirked proudly I just smiled and shook my head at them.

"Seem like our family ties will get even stronger then just being allies" I whispered to Victor who nodded happily.

"Yeah and honestly after I meet Talia yesterday I immediately felt protective over her. Like I know mom, dad and Kayden have not been able to shut up about her since their trip to Seattle but now I understand why!" Victor whispered.

"And when it come to that they become official we could not ask for a better sister in law." Stuart whispered with a smile.
"Hey, hey, hey let us not jump the gun here!" Theo whispered groaning pulling hand over his face.

"It's my twin you guys are talking about!" he whispered and hold over his ears and the rest of us chuckled.

"Let us all head to bed!" I chuckled and turned around heading towards my room and the rest went to theirs.
###Chapter 54.

Talia's pov

I woke up and I felt an arm around me, I open my eyes and see I resting my head on a chest and my arms is around a waist but I recognize the hand holding my arm.

I lift my head and look at the handsome face. I just keep looking at him memorizing everything about him.

He truly is so handsome all his features are sculpted to perfection,his strong jawline, his cute button nose, his sandy hair unstyled hugging his forehead how his rosy full lips is slightly parted.

I just kept looking at him, then Kayden slowly opened his eyes. He looking into my eyes and a smile quickly formed on his face.

"Good morning beautiful" He whispered with that sexy groggy morning voice.

"Good morning handsome" I said smiling up to Kayden. He looked at me shocked then he quickly turned around a little so I were laying on my back but still resting my head on his arm. Kayden lay on his side and have one hand on mny cheek.

"Baby you spoke!?" he whispered with such a huge smile. I put a hand on his cheek, "Yes, but let is be between us for now, I'mnot ready to talk to everyone yet please!" I whispered looking into his eyes with a smile.

"As you wish" he whispered caressing my cheek before leaning in kissing my lips.

It started sweet and our kiss got more heated. Our tongues dancing with
each other inside my mouth.

I put my hands around his neck one hand went up to his hair and I gently tug on his hair and pulling him closer.

Kayden groaned against my lips. I can't get enough feeling his lips on mine.

He moved his hand from my cheek to the back of my neck pulling me possiblely closer to him. We pulled away and he rested his forehead against mine, we both breathing heavily.

"I know I should have asked before but" Kayden started then took a deep breath and opened his eye looking me deep into my eyes.

"Do you want to be my girlfriend Talia Bianchi?" he whispered with a loving smile and I felt my heart beating faster and I blush hard, a smile spread across my face.

"Yes Kayden Miller I would love to be your girlfriend" I whispered with a big smile and Kayden smashed his lips against mine again.

"You just made me the happiest guy alive!" He said when he pulled away with a big smile. "And you made me the happiest girl!" I whispered smiling up at Kayden.

We kept making out for a while then we heard a knock on the door,we pulled away from each other trying to straighten out our hair a little,"Come in" Kayden said and then Emma and Elaina walked in.

"Good morning Talia, Kayden, did the two of you have a good rest?"Elaina asked with a big smile. I just smiled and nodded, "We slept great,hope you two had a good sleep as well?" Kayden asked smiling to them both.
"We did thank you, now time to get up and get ready for breakfast, so we will help Talia get ready" Emma said with a smile.

"Okay I will head back to my room and take a shower. Do you want me to meet you back here and go down together or meet me down at the dining room?" Kayden asked putting a hand on my cheek.

I smiled back and hold up 1 finger which made Kayden, Emma and Elaina chuckle. "Okay babe I will wait for you outside till your done!" he said then kissed my lips pretty quick.

Emma and Elaina squealed "Does this mean you two is officially together?"Emma squealed happily.

Me and Kayden just looked at each other then he chuckled and I smiled and nodded. "Wuhuu" Emma and Elaina yelled in unison which made Riley and Charlie came running in.

"What's wrong?" Riley asked worried which made Kayden, Emma and Elaina laugh and I just smiled and shock my head in amusement.

"Nothing is wrong, I were just about to head back to get ready for the day!"Kayden said.

"Oh stop that's not it, those two lovebirds are official now!" Emma said happily, I facepalmed myself and Kayden chuckled, Emma and Elaina did some weird happy dance and Riley and Charlie broke out in big smile.

"Okay, okay let us get a start on our day." Kayden said chuckling then kissed my forehead before he got out of the room and Riley with Charlie left with him.

I got out of bed and got into the bathroom, after I used the toilet and washed my hands Emma and Elaina came in to help me with my shower
due to my wound on my stomach.

After the I did my skincare routine, brushed my teeth, while Eliana blow dried my hair, Emma found clothes for me.


She found some black lace lingerie, a purple three layered skirt that reach mid thigh each layer shorter than the one under it and a white of shoulder crop top.

Elaina put my hair up in a neat bun and put on some light makeup."There sweetheart you look perfect!" Elaina said proud of her work. Then Emma put on some white ankle socks, lastly white and purple sneakers.


She open the door and we left my room. When I got out I saw Kayden stand there in some black sneakers, dark gray ripped jeans, white DC t-shirt and styled his hair as normal.

"You look perfect as always perfect as always cupcake!" Charlie said smiling, "Yes absolutely perfect pumpkin" Jack said smiling as well. "The most perfect butterfly around!" Ken said nodding impressed. "The most gorgeous flower" Alan said with a proud look. "Sweetie you just get more and more beautiful by the day!" Tyler smiled, "Honey no one will ever look better than you!" Riley said with a sweet smile.

"Don't get any thoughts any of you, she is already spoken for!" Emma chuckled, "What? That's not..." Riley started, which made Emma and Elaina laugh. "We just messing with you!" Elaina said chuckling.

'They are doing this every day, Thats why they are considered my protective big brother team'

This made Emma, Elaina and Kayden laugh and my security team blush. "Well I love the fact that we are being considered big brothers because we
all look at you as our precious baby sister!" Alan smiled happily.

'You six truly are big brothers of mine even if it's not by blood,you all still means just as much to me as my other brothers'


"Awww you are making me tear up Honey" Riley said hugging me! The rest of my guards hugged me as well. "Babe you look absolutely breathtaking as always" Kayden said walking up to me and kissed me.

"Let's all head down for breakfast or they will send up a search party"Kayden said chuckling then lifted me up but made sure my but was covered by my skirt.

I nodded and smiled at him, rested my head against his chest.
###Chapter 55.

Kayden's pov

I have three favorite thing right now, and two things are sharing second place, those two things are waking up with Lia in my arms and kissing her sweet soft lips.


My absolute favorite thing is hearing her sweet wonderful and angelic voice. And I feel so special that first time she speak is to me. And she want to keep it our secret for now.


Waking up to look into her beautiful eyes first thing in the morning do things do me.

But man when she said 'good morning handsome' I was even more sold then I already am.

I feeI so happy having this lovely girl as my girl. When going back to my room and taking a shower I was even humming, and that ladies and gentlemen is something I never do!

When I got back to my sweet Lia I was truly amused seeing how her guards is dotting on her. Now having this perfect tiny girl in my arms having her resting her head against chest I have a big smile on my face.


We got into the dining room and everyone said good morning, I said good morning back and Lia nodded and smiled at everyone.

I sat down with Lia on my lap sideways and she rested her head against my chest with a smile on her cute face.

"Someone look extra happy this morning, did you two have a good sleep?"Nico snickered and Lia blushed which made everyone chuckled.
"Yes we slept great" I answered looking on Lia and she look up at me and smiling and nodded.


"We are happy you kids had a good sleep" Thomas said looking at her granddaughter with such soft expression. "Let us all eat" Josefine said smiling at everyone at the table.


We were eating and conversation were made around the breakfast table.

"We elders have..." He started but Arthur, Emmanuel, Mason, Andrew and dad stopped him.

"Hey, hey, hey who are you calling elders?" they all shouted in unison and the rest of us laughed at that.

"Grownups, is that better?" Thomas asked looking at his son's and my dad and they all smiled and nodded.

"Okay, us grownups have come to the decision that we all will move here to the Bianchi estate, we have not decided if it will be temporarily or permanently but this will help our two families make closer bonds and strengthen the alliance with each other, and we will work together better to go over some mafia business we have together" He said and all of us had big smile on our faces.


I looked down at Lia and she were already smiling happily looking up at me, then suddenly she looked like she got an idea.


She looked over at Tyler who had her notebook and he stood up and come over with it.


'Do this have anything to do with the information uncle Jacob got from my home in Seattle?'
The grownup read it and looked shocked at her for a second and so did the rest of us.

"You sure are a smart cookie bambina! But yes you are correctly, and if this goes well with our families together under one roof we may make it a permanent thing. We will also speak with the Russian and Mexican about it next saturday if they can be interested in moving here for the time being to properly go over all the information." Arthur explained and Lia nodded.

"So today we all will help every family to move the things they need and want to have here. And if we will make it permanent we will get that settled later. But we need all hands on deck but Talia will have to sit out and take it easy due to her surgery!" Andrew said.

Which made Lia pout "Awwwww sorellina is so cute when she is pouting"Declan said with an awe in his voice and this just made Lia pout even more and everyone laughed.

"Well he is right you do look incredible cute when you pout" I whispered to her and she blushed a grimson red which made me and the rest chuckle.

"A pout and a blush can anyone get anymore adorable?" Nico chukled.

'But I wanna help somehow. I can't just sit on my ass doing nothing when everyone else is busy. I can help somehow'

"Hmm, what about Talia comes with us, and she wilI be sitting down the entire time putting stuff down in boxes?" Mom suggested and Arthur looked at uncle Caleb for is answer.

"Well, as long as she don't carry anything I don't see any problem with that" he said smiling at Lia who then started to do a little happy dance on my lap and her movement started to create a reaction I don't want
happening here with all our families.

I put my hand around her waist and pulled her close to my chest "baby.please uhm your movement is uhm really turning me on so if you don't want me to sit here with a boner with our family you need to sit still!"I whispered into her ear very very low then kissed her temple when I leaned back up and I saw she were the deepest crimson I have ever seen.


"Oh what did you just whisper in Talia's ear to get that dark blush as a reaction I may wonder?" Aaron chuckled amused. Lia just shook her head and everyone laughed.

'So it's settled, I go with the Miller family to help them pack?

"I see someone trying to change the subject huh?" Lyla laughed and Lia just gave a sheepish smile and shrugged her shoulders. "Well we should all start, it will be a busy day" Arthur chuckled.

We all stood up and headed out to our cars, Lia in my car, Tyler and Alan in the backseat. Her other guards in another car, the rest of my family in one. The rest spread out to the other houses of the Bianchis.

I were holding Lia's hand on her lap the entire time."You know this will definitely be to your lovebirds benefit" Alan snickered. Tyler chuckled,Lia blushed and I smirked.


"Yeah I don't have anything against it at all!" I smirked looking at Lia who smiled sheepish at me and nodded.

"You knowI'm very curious what you said to my little flower right before we left" Alan chuckled and Lia blushed hard and turned to look out the window, this just made the two in the backseat laugh hard.

"Oh please stop teasing my girl, I don't want her to run away from me!" l
chuckled pulling her hand up to my mouth and kissed the back of her hand and she smiled up at me with such a dazzling smile.

"Can you two be any cuter? You Kayden better treat my sweet baby sister or I will kick your ass!" He started with a sweet voice and ended it very serious.


"Trust me I will always treat my princess how she deserve to be treated!"I said with honesty and squeezed her hand gently.
###Chapter 56.

Talia's pov

I know all my guards who I look on as brothers and my blood brothers love teasing me and Kayden but come on, don't they get tired of it? And I can also see Kayden love making me blush.

We soon arrived at Kayden's home and I saw Kaydens four friends were there waiting for us, leaning up against Ezra's car. I looked at Kayden with a raised eyebrow.

"I asked if they could help us pack, hope you don't mind?" he smiled at me and I shook my head with a smile on my face.

When Kayden parked his car and Tyler got out and open the door for me,hold out a hand and I grabbed it and he helped me out.

Kayden came around and took my hand in his and walked up to his friends. They looked at our hands then a smirk spread on their faces.

"Look at that our boy have landed his dream girl!" Ezra smirked even more and I blushed hard.


"So the lovebird is already moving in together?" Carter said with the same smirk. "Seems like it" Kayden smiled down at me and squeezed my hand and I smiled back up at him.

"Let start the packing then" Levi said with a small smile. I have noticed Levi is a guy with few words, same as Kai, but I have never seen Levi smile. So I took up my notebook.

'Levi, you should smile more often, it suits you!'
I teared the page of handed it to him and headed it to Levi. "What did she say?" Ezra asked eagerly and I chuckled while walked inside the house.


"Wait, did she just.." Carter asked shocked. "Yes, she just chuckled" Ezra said with a shocking voice as well.

I headed into the kitchen where I heard Linda were talking.

"Oh there you are honey, where is Kayden?"She asked with a smile and I just pointed to outside and she chuckled "I bet the boys are giving him a hard time teasing him about you and that he is moving in with you huh?"She smiled and I just smiled and nodded.


"Those boys are something!" She laughed. Then Kayden and his friends came into the kitchen.


"Do you want to stay here to help mom or join us help me pack some stuff in my room?" He asked smiling.

I looked at Linda "You go with them honey, and remember she is not allowed to carry anything I will beat you to a pulp anyone of you if I see she is carrying anything!" she started with a smile then she ended up with a very stern and serious voice.

I saw the boys except Kayden swallowed nervously and smiled and shook my head, walked up to Linda and squeezed her arm before walking over to Kayden.

He smoothly swooped me up in his arms making sure my skirt didn't show anything.

I just looked up at Kayden and smiled shake my head then rested my head on his chest. We headed up to his room and when we got in there
my jaw dropped.

I know guys tend to be a bit messy but it looks like a bomb have gone off in here.

I looked up at Kayden with an amused smile and I saw he blush while his friends laughed.

"I saw someone was in a hurry packing for their getaway weekend!" Ezra laughed and Kayden blushed even more.

"Well I wanted to make sure I would uhm.. look good for you, so I packed and repacked a few times until I were satisfied" he smiled sheepishly down at me.

I chuckled again "You are cute babe" I chuckled before I forgot that I don't want to talk with others around.

Levi, Ezra, Carter and Kai all looked at me in shock. And me and Kayden looked at each other in shock and horror.


I covered my mouth and I started to shiver. I'm not comfortable talking in front of others.


My mind went straight to think that I'm gonna get a beating right now,and I think Kayden understood.

He hurried to his bed and sat me down then got down on his knees hugging around me.

"Babe it's okay, nothing is gonna happen, you are safe with us. Nobody here is gonna do anything about the fact that you just talked, we are all happy you talk to us!" He said carefully with a soft voice.
He took my hands in his and kissed my hands, "Lia. it is okay, remember to breath! Please breathe for me!" He started to talk a little frantic.


I suddenly noticed I started to get dizzy, so I slowly started to breathe.

"There you go baby, breathe with me!" he instructed and I started to follow his breathing and I felt myself calm down. He then picked me up and put me on his lap.

"What just happened?" Kai asked carefully looking at me worried. The other three also looked at me with worry and concern.

Kayden looked at me and I carefully nodded my head.

"Well you see, from the people she ran away from, her mother and stepfather and stepsister, Talia were not allowed to talk, she were not allowed to make any noise at all, if she did she would get a pretty bad beating, get slashed, stabber or even shot. Worst cases... "He stopped and looked at me making sure I were okay with he continue to explain and I nodded.


These are his close friends so if he trust them, I trust them I pulled out my phone, found the group chat were I told all my family and the Miller about my past.

I looked up at Kayden then his friends then my phone, he nodded at me and handed them my phone.


"It's better that you all get the full story so here you have it, but what you read here you won't speak about it to anyone, and the fact that she have talked stay between us, she is only comfortable talking to me for now!"Kayden said sternly, and they nodded and stairted to read my explanation.

Kayden then looked at me "babe are you okay?" he cupped one of my
cheeks make me look at him. I smile and nodded resting my head against his chest. He kissed my head.

"Please know that all of us and all of your brothers would love it when the time comes where you are comfortable enough to talk to us." He smiled looking at me with so much love and affection. I nodded and smiled up at him.
###Chapter 57.

Kayden's pov

Seeing Lia start to have a panic attack because of the fact that she were simply talking in front of others broke my heart.

I'm happy she is comfortable talking to me but I saw she had pure fear in her eyes when she noticed she talked in front of others.

I looked up at my friends and saw they had tears in their eyes but clenched fist and jaw.

Kai handed back the phone and they all took a few deep breath.

"Talia, I'm so sorry to hear about what you have gone through in life, but know you are the strongest person we know and your secret will be safe with us!" Levi said with a small smile.

Lia looked up at them nodded and smiled with so much gratitude in her eyes.


Then she stood up from my lap and looked around the room.She walked over to the door and closed it.


"So what are we gonna pack with us Kayden?" She asked in a low voice looking around the room. This brought big a smile to all ou faces.

"Okay first off, you better sit your cute ass down in bed,you are not allowed to carry anything!" I said with a chuckle walking up kissing her head before lifting her up carefully and put her inthe middle of my bed.

"Can we ask why she isn't allowed to carry anything?" Carter asked curefully.
Lia let out a heavy sigh then looked at the guys.

"Well due to my broken ribs, the last gift I got from my stepfather and the punch I took to the stomach for Kay when Nico were gonna punch him and the fact that Cole and Zach roughly tossed me in the pool and I beat their ass" she started.


"My broken ribs ended up rupture a major artery and I started to cough and throw up blood on friday, ended up having a big surgery and have to be careful because of the stupid stitches." She said shrugging her shoulder and the four of them just looked between me and her in shock.


"Yeah it's true and man was that scary, and to top it off, during the surgery her heart stopped beating twice so now we just gotta make sure she is taking it easy!" I finished explaining and they still looked shocked.

"Well shouldn'tshe not be doing this and just be home relaxing instead?"Kai asked worriedly, and I snickered "Well, the grownups tried to but she put her stubborn side to it and wanted to do something so mom said she could join us as long as she stuck to only packing things down but not carry a single thing!" I looked at Lia amused and she just smiled sheepishly to me.

"Wow,just straight up wow! You have always looked like this tiny little innocent girl that have not experienced anything bad in you life but your life have been a living hell! You truly do have my deepest respect." Levi said with a smile looking at Lia.


"Thank you, and you should never judge a book by it's cover you know!"she said gave him a wink and we all smiled and laughed.

"Truer words have never been spoken." Kai said smiling to Lia as well.
"You know, you guys need to smile more like this, it suits you and lift up the mood to everyone around you!" She sald looking at Levi and Kai who blushed a little. "We will do our best!" Levi said smiling.

"Good because I'm sure now that Kayden is moving in with us that we will see much more to each other!" She said smiling at my friends and they all nodded.

"Okay let start this packing!" she then looked at the mess of my room.

I found a suitcase put it next to her on bed and started to put some clothes on the bed and she started to fold it in a very special way and put it in the suitcase.


This way she got more clothes into it. This girl never seem to stop amaze me.

Then Kai put my acoustic guitar on the bed, and we started to pack some of my more heavier things like books in boxes.

Suddenly we heard a guitar play. And looked up to see Lia play the guitar,then she started to sing and we all just sat there on the floor with our jaws dropped. (Weight of the World-Citizen Soldier)

(A/N: All songs I will be writing about in this story, if not pointed out otherwise,we will pretend they are Talia's own written song)

Wow she is so amazing, her voice is mesmerizing by it self, but when she sings.


Wow she have made me speechless, and I look at my friends they are just as shocked as me.


I have never heard that song before and she sang it with so much
emotions. When she finished her song she put the guitar away and kept putting my clothes in the suitcase.

"Wow, wow, wow are we not gonna talk about what just happen?" Ezra said shocked looking at Lia.

Lia looked up from the shirt she were currently folding with a raised eyebrow. "huh?" was all she said.

"Babe I didn't know you could sing like that, I knew you said you loved to sing before but I didn't know you are that great, and what's that song called you just sang? I have never heard it before." I said standing up and sitting down on the bed next to her.

"Well I haven't been talking much so I'm sure many don't know I can sing semi decent and the song I sang I call it 'weight of the world' and it's a song I wrote myself so I'm pretty sure you have never heard it before."She said smiling shrugging her shoulder before she continued packing and folding my clothes.

"You are not 'semi decent' you are absolutely amazing singer! And that song were so good! Do you have anymore you have written yourself?"Carter said looking at her still in shock.

"Thank you Carter that's kind of you to say and yes I do, but all my songs are pretty dark and depressing though!" She said smiling at Carter. "You know I just got an idea!" Ezra said and we all looked at him with raised eyebrows.

"What if we join the school concert that will be in two weeks? And Talia is our vocalist? That will be the perfect time for her to shock EVERYONE with her amazing voice and we use all her originals." Ezra explained.
"I love the idea but that is a lot riding on Talia and if she is comfortable enough to sing before a huge crowd!?" Levi said looking worried at Lia. "T'm down if Talia is down!" Carter said. "Me too, as long as Talia is down!"Kai said as well looking at Lia.

Lia looked at me "I'm down if you are babe! And if you are ready for that!"I said holding her hand in mine.
###Chapter 58.

Talia's pov

I don't know what came over me, it was like I just saw the guitar and I couldn't help it, I just needed to sing!

It have been so long since I sang, the last time I did that was when I was with Dina and his wife Michelle on the ranch many years ago. I kinda forgot that they guys were in the room for a minute.

Now they want to create a band with meas the vocalist after all of them said they were down with the idea and it were up to me. I'm sitting here deep in thoughts for a little.

"Take some time to think about it Talia, I thnk it would be such a great way to shock everyone!" Ezra said looking at me with a smile.

Then they all started to go back to their packing. And I sat there deep in thoughts.

It definitely will give everyone the wow effect. And I'm sure I can shock my family with it like this. Okay I have made up my mind.

"I'm down, but I want to keep ita secret for my family until the concert as well!" I said looking at all the boys and their expression goes from shocked to super happy in the matter of a few seconds.

Then they all stood up and all came to hug me with huge smiles on their faces.


"YES" They all shouted in unison! And that ended up with my guards came in and ready to fight but they stopped shocked in their track looking at the hug party then they had amused smiles on their face.
"What's going on here?" Riley asked amused. They boys let go of me and I picked up my notebook.


'oh nothing, I just told them, they could use our music room at home,because they are gonna perform at the school concert Saturday two weeks from now, and they just got super excited for it!'

They all nodded at what I wrote

"I see, well we will all be looking forward to it as well then! We will let you guys continue your packing" Alan said with a smile then my guards headed out and closed the door and I let out a breath I didn't know I were holding and so did the other guys in the room.

"That was a close call, sorry Talia" Carter said with worried look on his face.


"It's okay, I'm sure I will have to tell my guards actually if we will make this work" I said looking deep in thoughts.

"You want me to get them back in?" Levi asked smiling at me. I let out a heavy breathe and nodded.

Time they get to hear my voice I guess. Levi opened the door to get all my guards.

"Remember babe, we are all happy you are talking and none will do anything bad towards you for talking, and you have all of us here with you!" Kayden said taking a hold of my hand and Carter took my other hand and nodded, Ezra and Kai stood behind me with a hand on each my shoulders giving me a nod.

Then all my guards came in and Levi closed the door. "What can we do to help?" Alan asked with a smile, and I looked over at Levi that shrugged
her shoulder with a smirk.

"Well you see, I will also be apart of the band, and I will be the vocalist,but we want it to be a secret and shock my entire family as well as everyone else that I sing, or even that I talk. And since you guys are with me all the time, I kinda think you guys need to be in on the secret and you are not allowed to tell anyone. And when we are around others we will pretend I still don't talk! Are you guys okay with that?" I explained and asked them looking at them hopeful.

All my six guards just stood there in shock staring at me with wide eyes and mouths.


After a few second of no reaction at all "hmm, I think you just broke your guards Talia!" Kai chuckled which made all of us laugh and that broke them out of whatever trance they are in.


"Oh my god! Alan said shocked, "You talk" Ken said just as shocked,"With the most adorable and angelic voiceI have ever heard" Charlie smiled wide.


"I can't believe my own ears right now!" Jack said with both a happy and shocked looked on his face. "Not only are you talking now but you also gonna sing?" Tyler asked with a big smile.

"This is definitely the happiest day in my life so far, my sweet baby sister is talking!" Riley said with tears in his eyes.

"So I take that you all will keep the secret and help us pull this off?".I asked hopeful looking at them with a smile. "YES" They all shouted in unison and came hugging me one by one.

"I can't believe it" I'm so happy to finally hear your sweet voice cupcake"
Charlie said lifting me up into a big hug which made me laugh.

Then Ken took me into his arms "My beautiful butterfly you have the sweetest laugh as well" he said kissing my forehead.

They Riley hugged me "Honey I'm so proud of you".

Then Tyler hugged me "Sweetie you never seem to stop amaze me".

Then Alan hugged me "My beautiful flower you are full of surprises".

Then Jack picked me up and hugged me tight kissing my cheek "Pumpkin you can always count on us, you are like all our baby sister as well!"

I laughed "You know, you and your nicknames for mne never stop amaze me" I said looking at them all and they smiled sheepishly at me.

"Okay I will just send Leon a message about it so he know we will hijack the music room for the next two week, but I won't tell him that I will be singing," I saidand looked at my guards and they all nodded understanding they can't tell him about our plans.

Talia: 'Hey dearest big brother of mine, Kayden and his friends are gonna perform at the school concert in two weeks so I told them they could use the music room at home for practise. Hope that is okay, we will be spending most of our times there for the next two weeks. I just wanted to give a heads up and hope you are okay with that?'

It didn't take long until he answered.

Leon: 'Bambina that is totally okay with me, and I'm glad you get so well along with his friends as well, I can't wait to hear their performance on the school concert! Tell them not to overdo it with their practice though and see you all when we all get home later'
"Leon were okay with it and he said not to overdo it at practice and he look forward to see you guys perform" I told them after receiving a reply from Leon.
###Chapter 59.

Kayden's pov

I'm so proud of my sweet Lia, I know she have taking some big steps today!

Not only did she start talking to me, she started to talk to my friends then her guards!

I know that is something that take a lot of her to do! And it take a lot of courage to go against your inner worries and trauma about it!

Now she have also agreed to perform in a school concert in front of the entire school, parents and friends of students at the school!


I also see my friends is taking a liking to Lia, not just out of courtesy because I like her, but after they got to know her story it's like she woke up some protectiveness in them.

And I know my boys, they will do everything they can to make sure she is safe.


After the guards left the room again to keep guard we all hugged Lia again. "You make us all soproud of you Talia!" Kai said kissing her cheek.

She smiled at Kai "Thank you! And I look forward to get to know you all better, not just as Kayden's friends but as my friends as well" She said.

"We will all be honored to be consider good friends with you!" Levi said kissing her other cheek.

"So tell me Kay how is this gonna go with you. Nico, Cole and Zach in the same house, you guys hate each other so much!?" Ezra said looking a little
worried.

I just smiled widely "Well that isn't a problem anymore, we actually along now" I said looking at my friends that just looks shocked.

"What the hell have happened in just one weekend?" Carter asked shocked.

"Well Talia happened. And after she gave Cole and Zach a beating after they tossed her in the pool, she created the group you all read about her life in and that made Cole and Zach's attitude change drastically and Nico changed after he punched Lia accidently when she took that hit for me."I explained.


"Wow, but he also gave her a mean slap to her face for that, which I think were so uncalled for!" Kai said a bit angry.


"Well when Leon came home that day he were so on my ass about what happened in the cafeteria that day because the school had called saying something happened but didn't know exactly what" Lia started to explain.


"But I didn't want Nico to get in unnecessary trouble so I told Leon that he should drop it and I didn't snitch on Nico. Leon only thought I had gotten the slap to the face, so when he gave me a lecture about how dangerous that was sinace I have three broken ribs, and I'should be happy I didn't get a hit to the stomach instead. Nico's face paled like he was a ghost because he knew he punched me hard in the stomach but I didn't say anything about it! Guess that was when he started to change his behavior." Lia said shrugging her shoulders then went back to packing.

"Wait, you been walking around with broken ribs pretending everything is fine and only Leon knew about it until that day?" Kai asked shocked.

"Yeah. I don't like sympathy or pity, and I want people to like me for who
I am and not feel sorry for me with what I have gone through. So I didn't feel like letting them know, they were already treated me like I'm a glass doll ready to break any minute and I don't like that!" She said smiling up at us while she put some of my stuff in boxes on the floor.


"Now let's get done packing so we can get home and figure out what kind of song we will be singing at the concert, if we are gonna use my original songs I don't have notes for instrument only acoustic guitar and piano so we have a lot of work ahead of us!" she said while stil packing

"On it" we all said in unison then we hurriedly started to pack all my stuff.

A few hours later we were back home at the Bianchi's estate.

After carry all of my stuff up to my room here we went down to eat a late lunch, then music room and her guards told us they would keep everyone away and come and get us when it were dinner time.

"Okay so we all have our instrument we like, Kai is on drums, me and Ezra on guitars, Carter is keyboard and piano and Levi on bass, now we have you as our vocal we just need to hear the songs first and then we can figure out how we will put the instruments in. How does that sound?"I asked looking at Lia.

"Sounds like a plan to me, one song I haven't made any music to though I only have the lyric to it, I personally think it's a good song but I don't know if that's because I bias since it's my own song" Lia giggled.

"But I have some other songs too, I brought my book I have the lyrics written in" she said and handed me the book. The other guys came and looked at the lyrics with me.


"Okay I truly like this 'Breathe' song!" Kai said looking at Lia. "Yeah that
is the song I don't haven't made the music to yet just written the lyric to."
She said.

"That's okay, I can work on that and see if I can make some notes for us if you don't mind?" Kai said looking at Lia hopeful.

"Sure go ahead" She smiled and Kai took a picture of the lyrics. "Can we hear 'breathe in, breathe out', 'If I surrender', 'still breathing' and the last one 'tattoo'?" Levi asked looking at Lia.

"Before you start, is it okay if I record it all, that way I can listen to it over and over and see where we can add instruments?" Kai asked.


He is the one that make notes of songs we like to just jam to when we chilling when we were at my place.

"Sure" she said and sat down by the piano and started the first song(Breathe in, Breathe out-Brent Morgan)


Wow she sure know how to write some deep lyrics "Okay I think this was amazing and think we can carefully add some instruments in there without ruin the 'mood' of the song!" Kai said.

"Okay next is 'if I surrender' Kayden can you hand me the acoustic guitar?"Lia asked with a smile and I nodded handed it to her, happy she ask knowing she shouldn't carry anything heavy.


(If I Surrender - Citizen Soldier) "Wow,even I can hear that this song have so much potential, like it's already super great, add some guitar and drums in there and boom it will be mind blowing" Carter said excitedly which made us all laugh.

"I'm happy you like it, okay now for 'Still Breathing' if you are ready?"She asked and we all nodded.
###Chapter 60.

Levi's pov

Like since Kayden told us of this wonderful and amazing girl he meet in Seattle and they stayed there 5 days longer because of that girl, I were intrigued by her, because Kayden never do anything for people he don't really care about.

But after he told us about how they meet, he didn't tell us much about her past only how they found her. And that he just wanted to protect her and make sure she always was good and happy.

He also told us about how they had shared a kiss before he had to go because her family would come there and they didn't want to scare them away letting them know, she knew people in the mafia.

Then we get to learn how she goes to our school and the first day when he saw her and they hugged, I have never and I mean never seen Kayden smile so brightly for a girl.

Sure she is the prettiest girl I have ever seen but I know Kayden don't go after anyone because of their looks so it had to be more to her.

The day after I saw how she took a punch in the stomach for Kayden by her own brother and I noticed she didn't even flinch at that, so I just figured he had in the last second noticed it were Talia he would hit.

Then we hear what he shouted at her and gave her a hard slap to the face and she still didn't flinch.

I saw she wrote the note to Nico that if it weren't for Kayden she wouldn't be alive right now, that made me shocked and I saw the shock on Nico's
face as weIl when he read it.

After that we started hanging out with Talia and her friends also her brother Declan, they are always together at school, they are like joined by their hips, Theo is also never far away from Talia,would almost believe they were triplets.

When we got the message today asking to help packing his stuff because they are moving in with the Bianchi we found it very amusing.

Then we see how they were holding hands when Kayden walked up to us.

She wrote a note to me saying how I should smile more often because it suited me I couldn't help blushing at that.

Then I heard her chuckled when she walked inside and I were in complete shock.


When we got up to Kayden's room and we heard her talk to Kayden and she started to have a panic attack, because she had talked, I honestly felt sorry for her, then when we all read about her past I had nothing but deep respect for this girl and understood more about why she was having a panic attack.


Hearing her sing, mnelted my heart, her voice alone is amazing, her singing voice is mesmerizing and learning that she write music herself I were in complete shock again.


And I was over the moon when she agreed to join our band to perform for the school concert in two weeks.

Now hearing her sing her own songs, she is amazing, in both songwriting and singing.
Her songs have so much potential and they are so deep.also knowing her past, they all give so much more meaning.

(Still Breathing-Citizen Soldier)

"Wow, again amazing, and I think if we add in some keyboard effect in this it will be bomb" Carter said super excited and the rest of us nodded to that with big smiles on our face.

"Okay for the last song you all wanted to hear, it's a song I made after I got here and meet all of you and my family" She said putting the guitar down and turned around to the piano.

(Tattoo-Citizen Soldier)

Wow,just wow, I could feel my eyes get filled with tears. I saw the rest of the guy too, they all just stood there shocked with tears running down their face.


Then I looked at Talia and I saw she also had tears down her face and she sang the song with so much emotions.

When she were done singing this song we all rushed up to her hugging her tightly, we all just cried together and let out all of our feelings.

When we all had calmed down we all hugged her tightly one by one.

"Talia, juast wow, your writing skills is so amazing, your songs have so much meaning, and shows how strong you are as a person to have overcome these mental struggles as well as physical and emotional struggles throughout your life! Thank you for sharing this with us! And we will make you proud with how we will make use of these songs at the concert!" I said looking at her with such a proud look on my face.
She smiled so brightly back to us all. I saw Kai walked up to her and dried away her tears then he kissed her forehead.

"We are all so proud of you and I for one can't wait to shock everyone with not just your amazing voice but your songs as well." He said caressing her face and she smiled make hereyes sparkle and nodded.

This girl truly have an amazing heart and I gotta say Kayden is one lucky guy! I honestly envy him to have her as his.

Then we heard a knock on the door. "Come in" Kayden said. And Tyler came in "Hey guys, dinner is about to be served you all should make your wa.." He stopped himself from talking looking at all of us.

"Is everything alright? Why have you all been crying?" He asked worried.

"We are fine, we have just been listen to some very incredible songs we think you all will love when you get to hear them when they are finished for the school concert." Ezra said with a bright smile.

"Okay, maybe you all should go and wash you faces so the family don't think anything is wrong going down to dinner looking like you all have cried you hearts out!" HHe said rubbing the back of his neck.

"Okay, Ty we will all go up to my room and do that and we will go down to dinner!" Talia smiled.


And we all headed out and walked up to the third floor where the bedrooms are. We all just followed Talia into her room.

"You all can go to the bathroom and wash your face I will just remove my makeup!" she said and sat down by her vanity mirror.

"Thank you we all smiled at her and headed into her bathroom and wow
it looks amazing here.

It's so big, have a big glass shower in the corner. A bathtub in another,a toilet between them both, a double sink with a creamy white color on the cabinets and draws, a few plants and candles as decorations here, marbel floors in white and black, wall and ceiling in creamy white marble.
###Chapter 61.

Kai's pov

After Kayden came back from Seattle we noticed he were like a new person and all he could think about were the girl he meet there.


Now after meeting her and getting to know her personally and also get to learn about her past.


Learn how sweet and caring she is, I understand him though, she is truly amazing.

We walked into her bathroom and all our jaws droops looking at it. Even Kayden, guess he have never been in here either.

We washed our faces then we headed out into her bedroom again.

This time I looked more around and saw she had a big bed, with ivy purple bed sheets, she had a seating group in one corner with a bookshelf with some books in it.

The couch and chairs were in a black color and looked super comnfy.Her window seat had a lot of pillow and blankets. A little basket with mnore blankets next to the door leading out to her balcony.

She had some chest of draws around her room in white that had decoration in color of black, ivy purple and white and some plants around her room.


The walls were a creamy color like her bathroom walls and cabinets. She had a big ivy purple fluffy carpet under her bed that also stretched out on both side so when you stood up your feet wouldn't be cold hitting the white marble floor.
Then a door I guess is her closet, a vanity where she is currently sitting.a TV on the wall next to the vanity and opposite of the bed. Then it's the door out to the hallway and right next to the door it's a floor to ceiling mirror.


It's a truly beautiful room, and it kinda reminds me of Talia.

I looked at Talia and saw she had taken off her makeup so all her bruises were on display.


I saw the rest of the guys were looking at her. Then she were about to put on makeup again.


"You know you don't need to put on makeup babe, everyone have seen you without it now:" Kayden said walking over to her and stood behind her looking into her eye in the mirror.

"I know babe, but I don't want to see all the look of pity they will give me and I don't want to scare Sabrina more than I already have, having her seeing me throw up blood." she said shrugging her shoulder.

"It's time you feel completely safe in your own home, leave it be as it is Talia" I said walking over to her and took away the makeup in her hands.

"The family need to accept you for how you look,and let your family see you are a strong person that accept yourself for who you are now! Because even wvith all these bruises you still are incredible beautiful!" I said putting a hand on her cheek and I could see she blushed.


"You know you truly do look so adorable when you blush" Levi said kissing the top of her head.

"I second that" Carter saidkissing her cheek.
"I agree with the other guys" Ezra said kissing her forehead.

"Hey guys are you all trying to take my girl awayfrom me?" Kayden chuckled and Talia just smiled shook her head.amused.


"Let's hnead down guys!" she said smiling. "Remember walking out that door I won't be speaking." she said with a small smile and we all nodded our heads, then we walked out.


The guards were standing right outside, and when they saw Talia without makeup they looked a bit shocked then a small smile spread on their face.

"We are all proud of you baby sis!" Riley said smiling cupping her cheek and kissed her forehead and she smiled nodded and gave them a wink.

We all walked down to the dining room and when Talia walked in all her family including Kayden's family attacked her in hugs and kisses.

"Bambina we have missed you so much all day" Declan said hugging his sister.


"You will sit on my lap for dinner and it's not up for discussion!" Nico said and lifted Talia up in a bridal style and the rest of them all groan,but when Talia chuckled all of us had a smile on our face.


"You know we love it when you let out a chuckle for us! It truly light up our days and we can't wait to hear you talk to us" her grandfather said with a brighnt smile on his face.

After we all sat down their servants came out with the food and Talia smiled and bowed her head and the head servant smiled and kissed Talia's head.

"Let us all introduce Kayden's friends they are with him as good as
everyday and almost liveat our place so I'm sure they will be here a lot as well" Jacob said to Talia's family

And they all introduced themself and told us who they are to Talia and we introduce ourself too so they know what we are called at least, and Jacob also told them we help them with some mafia jobs from time to time.


"Well a friend of Kayden and Talia is always welcome here, if you also need rooms here we will make that happened you are all just much family to us, just like the Millers are." Arthur said with a smile and Talia looked happy with that.

"Our son's friends also help in the mafia business as well as they have their own rooms here so hopefully you all get along together!" Thomas said and we all nodded.

It were a very lively dinner to say the least, so many conversations and everyone kept to a yes/no questions for Talia so she didn't have to write much during dinner.

When Talia were done eating they all started to argue about who were gonna get Talia's leftovers and it were pretty amusing.


Suddenly Talia hide her face into Nico's chest and then we saw her body started to shake a little, first everyone looked worried over at Nico and Talia but when Nico look down on Talia his face light up with the biggest smile I have ever seen on him.


Then we started to hear a tiny laugh and everyone broke up in big smiles.

Then the laugh'got a bit higher and we saw Talia wipe her eyes for tears and she just started to laugh even harder which made all of us started to laugh with her, her laugh is definitely contagions.
When she stopped laughing after a while she turned around "Bambina you truly amazing!" Leon said with one big smile.

She just look at Leon with a amused smile and shook her head. Then she hold up her plate with food and the argument started again and Talia just looked amused at them all and shook her head.
###Chapter 62.

Ezra's pov

Having dinner with the Bianchi family were something I never though we ever were gonna do but here we are.

And let me say it were indeed amusing. Then when Talia started to laugh first everyone looked super worried but when I say Nico's face light up like that I couldn't help but smile and when we heard she were laughing everyone looked so happy.

This little girl can truly turn a smile on anyone's face.

I couldn't help laughing with her, her laugh were so contagions,after a good solid five minute with laughter she turned around and held up her plate and the fighting for her food began again, I looked over at Kayden that just shook his head just as amused at their antics.


Adam ended up getting her leftover and he were over the moon while the rest of them groan.

We learned that the person that get to have Talia on their lap during the meal are not allowed to get her left overs but everyone else are fighting for her leftover using rock, paper and scissors.

I guess we will have many amusing meals from now on. After dinner we all decided to watch movies and then the fight again started on who were gonna have Talia on their lap.

And this time Lwon. You can't fault a guy for wanting to have a beautiful girl on his lap watching movie.

The brothers meant it were unfair since we had been with Talia all day
but the grownups said it was a fair fight and that now they had to be okay sharing Talia's attention with more people that they all groan again.

We got comfortable on the couch and I were sitting next to Kai on my left.and Carter on my right.


Talia got in a comfortable position sitting on my lap but leaning a little up against Kai, not that neither of us minded.

This girl truly have made her way into our hearts as well.

During the movie I noticed Talia wasn't paying attention, instead she were writing down something on her notebook then made a little melody with her pen on the edge of the book and I looked down on what she were writing.

I noticed Kai looked at it as well and we both smiled brightly.

We also heard very low and weak humming,we leaned closer listen to her humming and looking at what she's writing with the melody of her humming and reading what she wrote, she were creating a great song right in front of me on my lap.

When the movie were done, they wanted Talia to change lap but she were so into her writing that her father shook his head and her brothers left her sitting on my lap leaning up against Kai's chest.

When she were done with the song lyric she thorn the page of her book.
And handed it to Kai then she started on another.

She were in a creative corner right now and when someone tried to talk to her we just motion for them to be quiet by putting a finger on our lips.

The second song she wrote was a hard one, it's called would anyone care'
but damn it's a great one.

And when she was done she also handed that to Kai, then she started on another one which also was a hard one to read.

I looked at Kai and I think he thought the same as me, if we will be able to get this perfected maybe we can sing these at the concert as well.

I read as she kept the lyric pouring out of her down on the paper and I truly understand that this poor girl on my lap have gone through hell, not only from knowing her past but take away the fact that I know her past,her lyrics alone shows it.

She handed her third song 'Reason to live'to Kai, and started another she called 'control' and just from the lyric I understand that the control she have had over her emotions and feelings in life have truly been huge,if she didn't, maybe it would be a chance she wouldn't be here anymore.

They started a new movie but saw she were still so concentrated on what she were doing that they left her be on my lap.


She were done with that one as well and handed that too Kai and she started 'Burden'.

This had a different vibe kinda. It were like she were talking to someone that is also going through a hard time and that they would never be a burden, she rather wanted them to open up to her, cry and let out their feelings inastead of them giving into their suicidal thoughts.

When she was done with that one as well she handed that to Kai and then she leaned her head back resting it against his chest as well. And it didn't take long until she was asleep.

And man she are so beautiful. And she looked so at peace when she sleep.
When her brothers noticed she had fallen asleep they started to have a closer eye on her.


I pulled out my phone and message the group with me,Kai,Kayden,Levi and Carter in it.

Ezra: 'Why is her family having a closer eye on her now that she have fallen asleep?'

Kayden: 'She tend to have nightmare, so guess they are just worried incase that happens, it have not happened as I have seen personally but Leon and her brothers said she have them if she sleep alone.'

Kayden: 'So I guess they are worried since you guys are 'semi new' to Lia,that maybe she will have them sleeping on your lap'

Kai: 'I see, well she at least look very peaceful for now'

Carter: 'It's totally understandable though with her background, like I think I would struggle with nightmare from that too'

Levi: 'Yeah like who wouldn't? She have been living a hell, hopefully now she will overcome that!'

Ezra: 'Yeah, I feel for this poor girl'

Kayden: 'Yeah but don't let she know you pity her background, she won't like that;-)'


Ezra: 'Don't worry, she truly have my deepest respect and I see why you care so much about her ;-)

Kayden: 'Hey now, don't try to steal my girl from me :-1'

Ezra:'Who knows maybe she will fall in love with me instead :-*'
----------------------------------------------


------















许号







-----

----*---

---
###Chapter 63.

Kayden's pov.

My boys sure are something. And I see the way they look at Lia,they have all had a soft expression on their face whenever they talk about her after they meet her the first day she went to our school.

I notice they all steal glances at her every now and then.

And when they saw her bruised face the second day at school when the nurse had to clean her cut on her lip and check out her cheek after Nico slapped her they got enraged.

When they read the chat about her life ealier they showed sadness, rage and a protectiveness over Talia.

I also notice how they made sure she didn't care anything heavy when she helped us pack.

During the time in the music room they looked at her with a fondness I have never ever seen before.


Now see how they look at her when she sleep. I think her family noticed that too especially Arthur and Leon.

Arthur came over to me asking if I could get Talia in bed, Emma and Elaina is gonna help her get readdy for bed and they have also put in some mattresses into her room since they figured my friends would sleep in there too.


So I gotover there and told them I were gonna put Talia to bed and that they should follow me.
"Hey Kayden. just put her on the bed and we will get her ready for bed while you guys get ready as well. We have put mattresses in there for your friends to sleep on until we can get their rooms settled as well." Emma whispered and we all nodded.

I walked into her bedroom and put her down and walked out.

"We will go and take a quick shower and get dressed for bed and come back soon!" I whispered and Emma and Elaine as well as her guards nodded.


When we reached my bedroom they looked at me with a raised eyebrow.

"They let you sleep there with their sister/daughter without making a fuss about it?" Carter said shocked and I just nodded with a smile.


"I will take a quick shower then you guys can take a shower as well" I said walking in to the bathroom.


I used the toilet, washed my hands, took a quick shower, brushed my teeth and got out with a towel just around my waist.

"Next" I said smiling at them and Kai got in to the bathroom.

I pulled on some boxers, some black shorts and a white plain t-shirt.


And I found some clothes they all could change into, we have the same build all of us so they borrow my clothes all the time.

"So we are all gonna sleep in her bedroom tonight?" Ezra looked amused.


"Yeah or I guess you guys can sleep here instead if you rather want until they get your own rooms here sorted" I said looking at them with a smirk.

"No no no we will sleep in Talia's bedroom!" Kai said walking out of the
bathroom and Carter walked in next, and Kai took on the clothes I have found.


"You guys sure have taking a liking to my girlfriend" I said raising an eyebrow.

"Well can you blame us? She is absolutely amazing!" Levi said shrugging his shoulders and I looked at him shocked.


He is never a guy to show interest in anyone. And the rest of my boys shrugged as well.

"Please don't get any ideas she's my girlfriend guys." I looked at them helplessly.

"Well who says we can't all be with her, you know, be in a what is a relationship called when we are more guys in love with one girl?" Carter said walking out of the bathroom.

"Polyandry" Ezra said walking into the bathroom next.

"Yeah that! Maybe she will be open to that with us with time,we have done it before, all of us been with the same girl at once, even if that were just a one night stand kinda thing who say we can't make it work with Talia as well?" Carter said shrugging his shoulder while getting dressed.

I was just standing there baffled.

"Oh don't give us that look, it's not a dumb idea and she do deserve all the love in the world you can't deny that! And have multiple lovers will means more love for her!" Levi said and the rest of them nodded.

"Hmm" Was all I said deep in thoughts.
"The question here is, is Talia open to that idea?" Ezra said walking out of the bathroom and grabbing the clothes to change into.

"Only one way to figure that out!" Levi said walking into the bathroom.

"Like I won't argue that she don't deserve all the love the world have to offer,becauase she do and if she is willing and be open to the idea,how will we bring this up with her?" I asked curiously.

"I'm sure we will figure out something, we will just go slow about it and let her get to know us better first, we all have enough self control and respect for her" Kai said and they nodded.


"And if she won't be open to the idea, we won't let that ruin our friendship with her!" Carter said and we all nodded at that,even Levi who just walked out of the bathroom.


When they were all ready and dressed we walked back to Talia's bedroom.

"Goodnight guys" Her guards whispered and we said goodnight back.

When we open the door to the bedroom our eyes widen in shock.

Talia had her hand around her neck, struggling in her sleep.

Her guards saw our reaction and looked into the bedroom as well.


"Shit, Fuck" Both Tyler and Alan said in unison. "She is having a nightmare, get in there and carefully bring her out of it!" Alan said running away probably to get her dad or Leon, and we hurried in.

I got up in bed with her on her left side and Kai went to her right.

"Carter get a cold wet cloth" I ordered quickly and he ran into the bathroom.
I carefully lifted up her upper body and got behind her laying her back against my chest while Kai carefully tried to get her hands off her throat.

"Babe, please wake up, you are safe, please you are safe in my arms and not where your mind is telling you you are." I whispered into her ear.

Kai got her hands away from her neck and she tried to get them back again but Levi came to hold her left hand and Kai held her right in their hands.


I kept whispering sweet nothing in her ear and Carter came back with a cold cloth and started to wipe her face and chest. Ezra had also gotten in bed and carefully held her feet so she didn't kick.


He slowly started to give her feet a foot massage. Then Leon came into the room.
###Chapter 64.

Leon's pov

Alan came running into my office I got back to after Kayden took Talia up to bed.


I have to say before Talia got here I barely participating in activities as watching movies.


So after she were taken to bed I ended up going back to work a little before going to bed.

"Boss, Talia having a nightmare, we saw it just as the boys were about to go into her room to sleep. I told them to try calm her down and wake her up. But it was bad, she was even choking herself in her sleep." Alan explained in a rush.

I quickly stood up and we headed towards stairs to go down to the third floor where the bedrooms are.


I got to her room and see all five boys doing what they good to calm her down.


Kayden were sitting behind her caressing her cheek whisper to her to wake up.

Kai holding her right hand and Levi holding her left.

Ezra carefully massaging her feets and Carter wiping her face gently.

I saw all the boys looked at me in shock but they quickly got back to focus on Talia, if it were not for the fact I knew Talia were having a bad nightmare this would be an amused sight to see.
But they look like they have it handled.

I looked at Tyler and Alan next to me and they both had a smirk on their face and I couldn't help smirking with them.

My baby sister have all these five boys wrapped around her fingers without even knowing it.

They all were so careful with her, showing that they have much care for her.


I saw Talia started to calm down and relax in their arms so I walked a bit further into her room.


"Good job guys, seems like you all have this under control. And she seems like she is back into a peaceful sleep, thank you all for helping Talia. You all should try to get some sleep as well. You all have school in the morning" I whispered to them and they all smiled and nodded to me and I headed out of the room and closed the door behind me.


"Seems like she have more boys wrapped around her fingers." Alan snickered in a whisper and I smirked looking at him.


"Yeah, seems like she may be a potential to have more than one boyfriend soon if this keep up" I chuckled in a whisper.

"You wouldn't mind that?" Tyler whispered in a smirk.

"Honestly, no as long as they always treat her right, and as long as she is happy I would be fine with that. She deserve to be as happy as she possible can be you know!" I whispered with a smile on my face.

"You are right about that, our baby sister deserve the world" Alan whispered with a proud smile and Tyler nodded and I smiled and nodded
back, I'm so happy Talia have so many people caring about her so deeply.

"Goodnight Don" Tyler whispered. "Goodnight Don" Alan whispered. I smiled at them both. Goodnight both of you when you guys shift and can go to bed." I whispered and headed to bed.

Carter's pov

Honestly Iwould never think I would care so much for a girl, I have never been the type of a person to do that.

I heard the stories Kayden told us about this wonderful girl he helped in Seattle and honestly she sounded like she was too good to be true, and if it hadn't been for Linda and Jacob talked about her with the same fondness I would believe Kayden just had dreamt her.

But when I saw this drop dead gorgeous girl walk into math class with her brothers I were absolutely mind blown about how beautiful she was.

And later at lunch I heard Kayden called her name and I saw they recognized each other.

Then the look on Kayden's face told me everything I needed to know, this was the girl he talked about from Seattle.

The day after when I saw how she protected Kay from her own brother,I were impressed.

And when I saw Nico slap her I got so pissed. When I got to see her without makeup in the nurse's office I were shocked how she even were able to smile without hurting like crazy.

I was very happy that we started to spend more time with her during lunch, we sat talking with her and her friends and her brothers she have
lunch with.

Then hearing how Kayden is moving in with her I got pretty jealous.

When I heard her chuckle at first I could feel how my heart skip a beat and I couldn't help falling for her a little more.

Then I heard her angelic voice I were absolutely sold. But I were surprised to see she got a panic attack just because she spoke out loud but when I got to read her story from before she got here my heart broke for what this amazing person so full of life had gone through.

Like how can anyone do that to such an amazing person like Lia?

But I were happy she started to talk to us after we understood her situation and the fact that her secret is safe with us.


Hearing her play the guitar in Kayden's room and shestarted to sing I were absolutt in awe about this girl. I saw Ezra, Levi and Kai felt the same way about her.

Then she agree to perform with us as a big surprise to everyone in two weeks made me so ecstatic.


When we got home to the Bianchi estate and got to the music room and she let us hear some more of her own songs I were so surprised over how deep they were.

That last song though that were a very hard one to hear.

I also saw she wrote some songs during the movies we were watching,and I can't wait to hear them.

Now that we have been allowed to half way move in here I'm sure all of
us will spend most of our time here with Talia at least the next two weeks we will practice a lot to get all the songs ready for the concert.

And I just hape we can be able to get our sweet Lia to accept a relationship with all of us, because honestly I don't want nothing else then ns have her us my life foe the rest of my life.
###Chapter 65.

Carter's pov

When I saw Lia have her nightmare and she was choking herself my heart dropped to the bottom of my stomach.


But luckily Kayden was quick to get the handle of the situation and when her big brother got in here she had already calmed down a lot.

I did notice the smirk the three men had when they saw us and I would probably had the same had I seen it through their eyes.

Here youa see five guys doing everything to help this sweet, beautiful girl who looks so tiny next to us. We are all like 20 cm taller then she is at least.


When we were gonna go to bed we ended up having Lia sleep on Kay's chest, then Kai and Levi holding around her stomach and me and Ezra were laying between Kai and Levi's lower body and holding around Talia as well.


This must look so funny for anyone walking in on us but we don't care as long as we get to sleep next to Lia and she get a peaceful sleep.

I just pray Lia don't have anything against it when she wake up.

And not long after we all had gotten comfortable we all feel asleep.

I woke up to two feminin giggles.

"Oh my god this is sooooo cute, guys look" I heard one of the ladies whispered. I still haven't opened my eyes.
"Oh my god this is priceless, this girl sure have these guys whipped." I heard Charlie whispered.


"We have to take a picture and send to the other guards" Jack whispered chuckling.


"Oh I really don't want to wake them up, can't they just sleep in and skip school?" I heard the other lady whispered in an awe tone.

"We all know cupcake will whoop our asses if we don't let her go to school,she take her academics very seriously, and I don't want to be on the receiving end of her ass whooping I think she can even outclass any of the guards here, and I can't wait till she is healed and can show us what she is truly made of" Charlie whispered.

So Lia is a badass not just a genius in academics.

That's good to know, note to self, do not piss her off!

"Okay, I guess that's fair, let's wake them up!" One of the ladies whispered.

"Talia honey, you and the guys have to wake up!" One of the ladies said in a normal but sweet tone.

Suddenly I felt a soft tiny hand landing on head. That definitely made me open my eyes.

I looked at the hand and it belong to Lia.

"Good morning Carter" One of the ladies whispered with a chuckle.

"Good morning" I whispered back in a groggy morning voice.

"Talia you need to wake up sweetheart, you have to get ready for school!"one of the ladies said again in a gentle tone, and I saw Lia shuu them
away with her hand, ahaa so that's how it landed on my head.

"Cute!" I mumbled to myself with a smile. I saw Levi and Ezra were awake too looking at Talia.

I looked up and saw Kai and Kayden were awake as well looking at Lia amused.


"Lia baby you have to wake up" Kayden said softly to her caressing her cheek she just shook her head.


"Damn she never is this hard to wake up" one of the ladies chuckled.

"She must have been sleeping really good" the other lady chuckled.

I slowly started to make my way out of bed but someone hold me back by my hand.

I looked over and saw it were Lia, that brought a smile to my face.

"Talia dear we have to wake up, we gonna get ready for school!" I said softly to her.


"Please hon, you gotta wake up" Kai said caressing her arm she is holding my hand with.

"Babe please wake up!" Kayden said kissing her cheek.

She let go of my hand and slowly open her eyes but quickly closed them again putting her arm over her eyes.

"Good morning babe" Kayden said smiling looking at Lia and she carefully moved her arm, and she smiled sheepishly seeing us all laying in bed then she started to laugh and shake her head.
I can never get enough of her laugh it's so sweet.

"Time to get ready for school Talia, and you need to let your boys get ready as well before breakfast" One of the ladies said chuckling and I saw Lia blush hard, a deep crimson red which made us all chuckle.

Lia nodded and we all started to get out of bed.


"Okay Talia let's help you in the shower and the boys will meet you downstairs in the diner room" one of them said and Lia nodded.

Me, Kayden, Kai,Ezra and Levi headed out and back to his bedroom.

When we entered his room and closet the door we all smiled brightly.

"Okay how can someone be that cute.when sleeping?" I asked smiling looking at the others and they all nodded.


"Damn I can get used to sleep like that!" Levi said smirking and we all voiced our agreement.

"I will take a shower first" Kayden said and we all nodded.

"Seems like we helped her have a really good sleep she didn't want to wake up from" Kai said amused.

"Well I just hope that will be our new normal from now on!" Ezra said with a big smile on his face.


"Me too!" I said, "I don't think I have slept this great ever!" I continued and they all nodded.


Kayden came back into the bedroom "I go next!" I said and headed inside the bathroom.
I used the toilet, washed my hands, brushed my teeth then took a shower.


After cleaning my body and wash my hair and body I cleaned of the soap then got out and dried off, put the towel around my waist then headed out.

I got to the mirror in the bedroom and started to style my hair while the next went into the bathroom.


After about 30 minutes, we all were done showered and styled our hair we all had gotten our boxers, socks and jeans on.

Suddenly we heard a knock on the door.

"Come in" Kayden said and in comes the most beautiful girl in the world.

She had her strawberry blond long hair in a high ponytail. She had a light makeup on but cover all her bruises perfectly.

She had a purple off the shoulder blouse, white ripped jeans and purple and white sneakers.


She got in and closed the door when she turned around her eyes went wide before she covered her face and had the darkest red blush I have ever seen but she peaked through her fingers from time to time.


"I'm sorry I was gonna see if you guys were ready to head down" She said in a very embarrassed voice.


"What is having you so flushed darling" Ezra said walking up to her pulling her hands away from her face with a smirk.
###Chapter 66.

Talia's pov

What a morning, first find out that I have been sleeping in bed with not just Kayden but his four friends as well.

And I truly didn't want to wake up I slept so good.

Now after I had gotten ready I was on my way down.but Charlie said the guys were still in Kayden's room so I figured I could see if they were ready and we could go down together.

I knocked on the door and heard Kayden say 'come in'so I walked in and closed the door before I looked at the guys.


I don't want anyone hearing me talk yet, but man I were not ready for this sight in front on me.

The fuck, they all are shirtless, and their body looks like they belongs to a gods, they are well toned, it's like their body is all bones, muscles and skin.they are all flawless.

Like I did see Kayden shirtless in the hospital and his body.is a huge turn on just by looking at him alone but now all five of these guys look just as sexy as Kayden, what have I gotten myself into.

I quickly covered my face, I felt my face heat up instantly, but I couldn't help myself, I took some peaks through my fingers.

"I'm sorry I was gonna see if you guys were ready to head down" I saidin a embarrassed weak voice.

"What is having you so flushed darling" Ezra said walking up to me
pulling my hands away from my face and he as well as the rest of the guys in here had a big smirk on their faces.

"I'm so sorry, I should head out, let you guys get done!" I said turning around as best as I could but Ezra still held on to my hands.


"Babe what's the matter it's nothing you haven't seen before you know!"Kayden said hugging be from behind pulling my back into his bare chest and kissed my neck.

"I..I know.. but now there are five of you, was hard enough to control my eyes and give you respectful privacy with you alone. Now there is four more. And what the hell are you all? Sex gods or something? Like why do you all have to be so damn good looking. And I'm sorry Kayden I don't mean to be look at your friends I were just taken by surprise" I rambled on and they all chuckled.

"Baby I don't mind you can look at all five of us as much as you want!"Kayden said with a soft voice in my ear and right now I'm happy he is holding around me because I would have fallen to the floor otherwise.

"Do you want me to tell you a secret?" he whispered in a very seductive tone and I felt myself starting to get turned on more and more by the second.


"Mhmm" I said right now I don't trust my own voice to be able to form a proper word.

"Turn around and look at me then babe!" He whispered and I took a deep shaky breath before turning around.

First I see Ezra still holding my hands with a big smirk on his face.

Then I see Levi, Carter and Kai standing by the bed wvith a smirk and
with a pretty amused look on their face.

Then I looked at Kayden who also had an amused look on his face.

I look down on his chest then up on his face. I swallow nervously and clear my throat.

"Wh.. What is it that you wanna tell me?" I asked shyly then bite my lower lip looking down on his bare chest again.


"Are you trying to turn us all on tesoro?" Ezra groan letting go of one of my and cover his eyes.

I looked back up at Kayden with a confused look who looked down at me with more lust in his eyes. He carefully pulled my lip out from my teeth with his thumb.


"Babe I have told you, you biting your lips like that is turning meon a lot"Kayden said then leaned downi kissed me passionately and I could feel how much he wanted me through the kiss alone.


And when he pulled me closer to deepened the kiss I could feel his erection through his jeans, I let out a shocked moan through his lips and not only Kayden let out an appreciated groan but so did the rest of them.


Kayden pulled away and rested his forehead against mine.

"Fuck baby, you have no idea how hard it is to hold back and take things slow with you!" Kayden whispered getting control of his breath.

"And the secret I wanna share with you babe, is that the rest of these guys in here would love to do what me and you just did,with you as well."Kayden said smirking looking at me now and I blushed again instantly.
"Wh.,whaa.. what?" I manage to stutter out and Kayden chuckled

"They all like you just as much as I do! And we all feel honored that we are able to get this reaction from you!" Kayden smiled down at me with such a sweet smile.


"What?" I asked with wide eyes and they all chuckled.

Then I felt Ezra lift the one hand he were still holding and put it up on his bare chest. And my face got as red as it possible could ever get and my eyes even wider.

Then Ezra dragged my hand carefully over his chest before putting a finger from his other hand that is not holding my hand against his chest and put it under my chin made me look up into his eyes.

"And you are the only one myself and every guy in this room want to touch us like this! We all want you Lia! We all care about you more than a friend if you are willing to give us all a chance! And before you straight up reject us which I pray you don't Kayden is fine with this!" He said and I quickly looked at Kayden who smiled at me and nodded.

Then I looked back into Ezra's eyes and I could see love, lust,need,desire.protectiveness, care, honesty and sincerity in his eyes.

"Why me?" I asked shocked still looking into Ezra's eyes.

"Why not you? You are the most wonderful person we have meet inside out and you have captured all our hearts" Ezra said with a sweet smile caressing my cheek with his thumb and I could only see honesty in his eyes.
###Chapter 67.

Kayden's pov.

Seeing Lia this flustered so early in the morning just mnade my whole day.

But I guess this work in our favor, we all saw how she reacted to everyone,and she even admitted that she found all of us good looking.

Now trying to get her to understand we all want her as in we all want to have a relationship with her romanticaly not just as a friend is amusing it itself, I think she understand it, she is just in shock with the news.


"And you are the only one, myself and every guy in this room want to touch us like this! We all want you Lia! We all care about you more than a friend if you are willing to give us all a chance! And before you straight up reject us which, I pray you don't, Kayden is fine with this!" Ezra said to Lia in such a sweet and sincere tone I have never heard from him before.


Lia looked at me and looked me straight in my eyes to get a confirmation on what Ezra just said.


I smiled at her and nodded. I am fine with it, because I know my boys will take just as good care of her as I do.

"Why me?" I heard she asked asked shocked looking back into Ezra's eyes.

"Why not you? You are the most wonderful person we have meet inside out and you have captured all our hearts" Ezra said with a smile caressing her cheek.


Lia looked from Ezra to Levi who nodded with a smile to what Ezra just said, then she looked at Carter who also nodded with a smile, then Kai
who nodded with a smile and wink then she looked at me.

I took her other hand in my hand.

"We don't want you to force you into anything and if you don't want a relationship with everyone of us and just keep it me and you, we all understand. But I am truly okay if you want to try a relationship with all of us. I trust all these guys with my life and I know they will give you all the love you deserve just as much as I love you!" I said to her in a sweet tone and leaned down to kiss her forehead.


"If you need time to think about it, we will of course give you all the time you need. But trust me babe they all feel for you very strongly!" I said with so much sincerity and love in my voice.

I truly don't want to force her into anything.

She were quiet for a few minute and then she looked at all of us


"Okay, can you all give me some time to think about it? I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings!" She asked carefully.

"That is of course fine Lia, take the time you need okay!?" Ezra said kissing her head and she smiled and nodded.


He then let go of her hand and walked away to get fully clothed and Lia had a cute frown on her face when she noticed that she lost the skin contact with Ezra.


She quickly recovered from it but me, Kai, Carter and Levi noticed and smirked to each other.


Then Levi walked up to Lia "Just know Lia, no matter what you choose.we will always be here for you and care for you, just like now!" He said
kissing her cheek and she smiled and nodded then he went to get fully dressed.


Kai walked up to her next "You can't get rid of us now no matter what you choose" He said kissing her forehead, she smiled and nodded and he also went to get dressed.


Carter walked up to her and he pulled her into a hug, so I used this time to put on the shirt I were gonna have on for the day.

"Know this Lia, you are very special to us all no matter what! If you are with just with Kayden or all of us. You will always be the one person we care about more than anything" He said then kissed the tip of her nose and she tilted her head cutely to the side smiled and nodded then Carter went to put on his shirt.


"Let's go down to get some breakfast before school babe" I said kissing her head and she nodded her head and we walked out.


When we walked down the stairs her six guards smirked at all of us.

"You all took a awhile huh!?" Charlie smirked and Lia blushed hard that ended up with her guards as well as all of us laugh hard.

Lia started running down the stairs. When she got to the dining room she hurried over to Thomas and sat on his lap which made all of us laugh at her.


"Bambina what a nice surprise, I love having you on my lap but why were you running?" He asked with a chuckled before he kissed her cheek.


I see she wrote something but she didn't turn it around so I have no idea what she said.
"How are they doing that" He asked amused looking at us and then back to Lia.


And she wrote something again and he bursted out laughing.

"Oh bambina how can you be so cute" He said then hugged her tight and kissed her cheek.


We didn't see Miranda the head maid today when the food were brought out and the today it were a type of salad.

We all thanked them for the food and started eating.

"TALIA STOP" Leon shouted "SPIT IT OUT!" He shouted frantic and ran over to Lia who took a napkin and spit out the salad she had in her mouth.


"Did you swallow anything?"He asked her and she shook her head.

"Thank god, can I go and make you a sandwich real quick instead?"Josefine asked looking at Lia who carefully nodded.

"What's wrong?" I asked worriedly looking at Lia.

"It's nuts in the salad. Miranda is out on an emergency leave today due to a family crisis and she is personally in charge of Lia's food due to her allergies." Leon said looking worried at Lia.

"Grandma,go and make that sandwich and find out what happened at the kitchen, I know Miranda must have given them strict instructions about Talia's food." Leon said looking at Josefine and she stood up and hurried out towards the kitchen.

"Are you sure you didn't swallow anything Talia?" Thomas asked looking
worried at his granddaughter on his lap. She wrote something and they both looked relieved.


Leon walked back to his seat then looked at his brothers. "Declan. Theo and Kyle you three will be in charge of looking after Talia incase she accidently did get some nuts in her. If you see her struggle take her straight to the nurse!" He ordered and they all nodded.

I looked at Carter "You too Carter, you are also in all her classes,please keep an eye on her!" I said and he nodded "Of course" he said.
###Chapter 68

Thomas's pov


I can't believe this, this is the second time Talia was about to accidentally getting a bad allergic reaction.


Not long after my wife Josefine came back with another bowl with caesar salad.


"Here honey, Miranda have made it ready for you already. Just the dumb lazy workers didn't pay attention to the big note Miranda had put on their kitchen fridge. Your dinner is also already prepared by Miranda so it shouldn't be any issues later!" Josie said putting the salad in front of Talia and kissed her head.before she sat down next to us.


Talia smiled and bowed her head to Josie "Oh honey your cuteness is to die for" Josie chuckled then we continued to eat.

"So is it more we need to be aware of when it comes to Lia's food allergies?" Ezra asked looking worried at my granddaughter.

"All sea food, nuts and house dust is something Talia is highly allergic to"Leon said looking at Millers and Kayden's friends.


"Then she needs to be careful with egg, flour and cow milk, she can have it just not too much of it!" Arthur finished explaining and they all nodded.

"Well that's good to know, we don't want anything bad happen to our sweet Lia!" Carter said smiling to Talia who smiled back and nodded.


I guess there is something going on with Kayden's other friends and Talia.

I internally smirked, this girl sure work magic getting so many people
whipped around her fingers.

After everyone is done eating the kids went to school and the eldest kids and grownups were gonna take care of the kitchen staff because this is not okay!


We called all the staff to the dining room.

When they were all there we got a good look at all of them.


"Do anyone of you have a grudge against the princess?" Arthur asked sternly and they all shake their heads with wide eyes.


"Why is it, that this is the second time because of your laziness my granddaughter was about to have an allergic reaction after you all have been told what she can't have?" I asked them angry and they started to shiver where they stood.


"I'm so sorry sir. We didn't see that Miranda had put a note on the fridge,we were too focused on making the food ready for you all but we all will definitely do better and never let this happen again we all promise!" One of the oldest workers said.


"Okay this is the last change all of you will get and if we seé anything like this happened one more time you all know what will happen. All of you should just be happy that Leon saw a nut on Talia's fork in time to stop her of swallow it down. We would have a different conversation here then!So get your shit together from now on!" I said angry to them all and they bowed grately down.


"And I want all of you to apologize to the princess during dinner" Linda said sternly looking at them "Yes ma'am" They all said in unison before they walked out of here.
"Okay now that is dealt with we will head out to do some work" Leon said and we all stood up and started handling our business for the day.

Nico's pov.

All say during school we all kept sending text to Talia to make sure she were okay.

And now during lunch break everyone in the cafeteria is looking at us all in shock.


Well I can't blame them, they are used to the Bianchi and the Millers sitting on each their tables and Talia sitting with her group friends but now we all sit together.

Talia is sitting on my lap much to the annoyance of my girlfriend Madison.I never let her sitthere.


When Maddie started to make a deal out of it. Talia tried to stand up from my lap to sit somewhere else but I didn't want her to go.

"Maddie deal with it. Talia is my baby sister, now stop your whining and complaining or you can leave us all alone!" I said looking at her annoyed."Argh Nico you are my boyfriend not that bitch, behave like my boyfriend or we are over!" She screamed.


"Well then we are over Madison, now leave, I won't tolerate you or anyone name calling my baby sister like that and disrespect her" I said in a calm anger and the only thing that holds me back right now is that Talia is sitting on my lap.


"Nico you called her that yourself and you even slapped her! Why is it only you that can do that?" She smirked.
Then I saw Talia write something down.

'First of siblings have different rules for each other. But second we have gotten past our differences so we don't have a issue with each other anymore. So I do advice you to take a chill pill honey, the world don't revolve around one person, I think you can be a great person when you can just burst that self centered bubbled you are in!'

"You will regret crossing me bitch" She looked at Talia who looked so nonchalant about what she just said and the rest of us were fuming in rage.she just threatened my baby sister right in front of all of us.


'What did I ever do to you Madison?'


"You was born and took my boyfriend away from me" She looked at Talia with a murderous look and that were the last straw.


"Madison I suggest you leave and never bother anyone on this table again or so help me god what I will do to you!" Kayden said standing up.

"You can't talk to me like that Miller!" Maddie said offended.

"Well I can then, get the fuck away Madison, we are over, and I never want to see you close to anyone on this table or you will regret the day you got born!" I said looking at Maddie with a murderous look she quickly ran away and her two minions ran with her.

'Why did you even date her, seemed like she was annoying you just by talking, why date someone who annoy you that much?'


I looked what Talia wrote I just looked at her face and said "She were a easy fuck" and shrugged my shoulder and Talia quickly made a grimase and covered her ears which made everyone at the table including me laugh.
'Big brother I love you more than life itself but I do NOT want to know about your sex life please'

That truly warmed my heart, I kissed her cheek and looked at her in her eyes. "I love you too sorellina" I said and she smiledbrightly and hugged me tight.

Not long after that the lunch break were over and we continued our school day.
###Chapter 69.

Carter's pov

After we got home from school me, Lia, Kayden, Kai, Levi and Ezra went up to the music room on the second floor.

And her guards told us they won't let anyone come close to interrupt us.

"So Lia baby, the songs you wrote yesterday can we hear them?' Ezra asked hopefully.


"Sure" she answered with a sweet smile. "But they are just like my others,dark and depressing" she said shrugging her shoulders.

"I think they looked great Love, and here is the pages you wrote" Kai handed her the pages and she sat down at the piano and started to play.(Reason to Live-Citizen Solder).


And wow, I just love how deep her songs are!

"That was great Lia! A little more instruments in it and we can present it at the concert!" Kai said hugging Lia from behind and we saw how she leaned into his chest and that made a smile spread on all our faces.

"Next is 'Would anyone care'" she said, and started to play. (Would anyone care-Citizen Soldier)

Why is it that all her songs hits me so deep into my heart? And she truly makes her pain from the past come out in her songs, it's so remarkable.

Next she sang 'Control' (Control - Zoe Wees) She have such a strong voice.I can listen to it every day all day and never get tired of it.
Then she picked up the acoustic guitar and song her next song (Burden -Citizen Soldier)


This had a different vibe to it but I still love it! She is so great in anything and everything she do! She turned her head and looked at us.

"So what do you all think?" She asked with a shy smile.

I saw Kai who is still standing behind her gently put his hand around her throat just to have her lean her head back and look up at him and they both smiled.


"Love you wrote one more song, can we hear that one as wel1?"he asked so gently.


She first just looked at him with a smile then she whispered a yes' like her voice were stuck in her throat because she was so mesmerized by his handsomeness and this had all of us smirk.

It goes to show we all have an impact on her. She then started her last song (Gonna be Okay - Brent Morgan) and this had such a happy vibe to it we all couldn't help but smile.

She was even doing small happy dance moves singing and playing the piano to this song.

She looked back at Kai leaning her head against him "Happy now dear?"She asked with a smile and I don't think she know what she just said but it had all of us have butterflies in our stomach.


"More then happy love!" Kai said with a smiled leaning down kissing her cheek and she blushed hard.


She is just too adorable. She cleared her throat and sat up straight and we
all chuckled at her.

"Okay so what song are we gonna focus on and how is it going with that song you are making the notes to Kai she said looking back on him.


"I actually have been able to make them, lets try them out?" He asked and we all nodded.

(Breathe - Lø Spirit) We all got to the instruments and Lia wvent to stand since she shouldn't play any instrument during this song.

And we all started playing and she started to sing.


And when she song this song she seriously looked so free and happy it made my heart skip a beat watching her.

"Wow we nailed it on the first go, it is perfect, now if we get some ecco in there I think it will be bomb!" I said happily and Lia did a very cute happy dance.


I couldn't help myself, I ran up to her and hugged her tightly and the rest of the guys came hugging us as well.

After a little we broke from the hug and Lia looked at all of us with a fondness and a sparkle in her eyes.


Then she cleared her throat and a light blushed started to creep up on her face.


"I have thought about what we talked about this morning!" She started looking down on her hands she were playing with nervously,and I think all of us stopped breathing.


"I won't deny all of you niake me feel a special type of way, and I also can'
t deny I'm pretty attractive to all of you!" She continued and Kayden walked up grabbing her hands.


She looked up at Kaydens face. "And if this truly is okay for you, I want to try this with aIl of us together" She said sweetly looking at all of us one by one.


"Babe you are saying if I'm okay with you being the girlfriend to not only me but all my friends you are wanting to try it?" Kayden asked with a sweet smile and she nodded looking shyly away from us all.


"I wouldn't have brought it up to you babe if I wasn't okay with it! You deserve all the love in the world and I knowthe guys will love you just as much as I do! We all care about you more than anything from the moment you got into our life. And we all swear we will make you the happiest girl alive!" Kayden said pulling her into a deep kiss.


I got out of my shock state and started breathing again. I ran up to her again and pulled her into a deep hug then I looked into her eyes, "Is it okay if I kiss you Lia?" I asked caressing her cheek and she nodded with the sweetest smile.


I slowly leaned down closer and when our lips connected sparks were flying everywhere in my body, and butterfly erupted in my stomach.


I pulled her closer with one hand around her waist and put one behind her neck and she put hers around my neck and we deepen the kiss.


I explored every corner of her mouth with my tongue and man does she taste sweet.


One of her hands made its way up into my hair and she gently tugged in while pulling me closer and I couldn't help let out a groan and pull her
closer.

Damn this girl make me feel things I have never felt before!


When we pulled away we rested our foreheads against each other.

"Wow baby, that's definitely the best kiss I ever have had!" I whispered to her and she opened her eyes looking into mine with a sweet smile on her lips then gently peaked my lips again before Kai pulled her into a big hug.
###Chapter 70.
Kai's pov.
I have to say I'm now one of the happiest guys alive! I just got my dream girl as a girlfriend too!
All day after we suggested it to her—after she walked in on us all shirtless—we had all been so worried we might have scared her away. But we also noticed how she leaned into our touch, and whenever we walked away from her, she would frown a little. It was truly adorable.
Now she said she wanted to try this with us, and we will all do everything in our power to make this work! We will all respect her; we all understand she may need time before taking things further, and we are more than okay with that.
As long as she is our baby girl!
I pulled her into a big hug and looked into her beautiful, sparkling ivy-purple eyes with a big smile on my face.
"Can I kiss you as well, love?" I asked her. She nodded back at me, and I didn't waste any time.
I gently pressed my lips to hers. With one arm around her waist and one behind her neck, she rested one hand on my chest and wrapped the other around my neck.
I felt like I was on cloud nine just holding her like this. Her lips were so soft, and the connection between us felt electric. I could have stayed in that moment forever, just savoring the taste and the closeness. We eventually pulled away just enough to catch our breath, though I didn't want to let her go.
I looked into her beautiful eyes and felt myself getting lost in them. I gave her one more quick peak on the lips before I saw Ezra walking up behind her, ready to take his turn.
He pulled her into a warm hug. "Tesoro, you just made my day. I was so worried you would reject us all!" he said, cupping her face tenderly.
"Can I kiss you?" he asked, and she nodded.
Watching my dream girl share a moment with another guy might have bothered me once, but these are my friends—brothers, really. I know all of us will do everything in our power to make her happy and feel loved every single day.
They eventually pulled apart to catch their breath, and then I saw Levi lifting Lia up, letting her sit straddled on the piano stool as he sat down.
"I think you just made four more guys the happiest they could ever be, amore!" he said, holding her waist as she held onto his neck.
"Amore, can I kiss you too?" he asked, looking so lovingly into her eyes. She chuckled and nodded. Wow, her chuckles are to die for.
As their kiss deepened, Levi pulled her a little closer. I could see the sheer happiness on her face, and the spark between them was undeniable. It made my own heart race just watching how much she was beginning to trust us.
Eventually, they pulled away and shared a sweet hug. She stayed there for a moment, resting her head on Levi's chest and looking at all of us with a big, radiant smile—a smile we all returned.
"So, now that I’ve given you an answer to that question, maybe we should continue figuring out what songs we will be singing?" she said ever so sweetly.
"You are right, love," I said, smiling as I got back into work mode. "We need to finalize the songs so we can get the instruments perfectly balanced. I think we should also have some of us do backup vocals on certain lyrics to get the best effect."
We spent a few more hours working on the setlist and the order of the songs. we practiced together, slowly adding the instrumental layers.
Then Riley came and told us it was dinner time, so we started to head down. Once we reached the dining room, everyone came rushing to hug Lia.
Declan ended up with Lia on his lap today for dinner. When the servants came out with the food, they all ended up standing lined up at the end of the table. We all looked at them questioningly, though the grownups didn't seem surprised.
"Miss Talia," one of them said. Lia looked over at them with a raised eyebrow and a smile.
"We would all like to apologize for our carelessness this morning during breakfast. We didn't realize Miranda had already prepared your meal. Since she is personally in charge of your food, it slipped our minds that you have severe allergies," the oldest servant said with a deeply apologetic look.
Talia stood up from Declan's lap and walked over to them.
"We are truly sorry from the bottom of our hearts. We never want to put you in harm's way," he said, bowing his head.
Talia gently put her hand on his cheek, guiding him to look up. She smiled at him and bowed her head in return, then gave him and the others a quick, appreciative hug.
After that, they all left with bright smiles on their faces. We could hear them whispering about how sweet and adorable she was, and how lucky they were to work for someone like her.
Lia went back to sit on Declan's lap and we continued with our dinner. After dinner, it was movie time. As always, there was a playful fight about who would have Lia on their lap.
We ended up watching three movies, and eventually, we could see Lia starting to get tired. Kayden walked over to her while she was sitting on Leon's lap.
"Babe, you look like you’re about to doze off. Do you want to go to bed?" we heard him whisper. She nodded with a yawn, making us all chuckle.
She reached her arms up for Kayden to carry her, and he didn't hesitate to lift her up. We all said goodnight to the rest of the family.
Her maids helped her get ready for bed while we hurried to get ready ourselves—a quick shower and into our sleeping shorts.
When we entered her bedroom again, her face turned a pretty shade of red, and her maids chuckled as they left.
We all settled into bed just like the night before. But not before we all shared some sweet, affectionate moments with Lia, enjoying the quiet happiness of finally being together before we all drifted off to sleep.

###Chapter 71.

Talia's pov

The rest of the week have gone by so fast.

The days have been going in school, work on our music, homework,dinner, relax with the family then sleep.


And my relationship with my 5 guys have just gotten stronger with everyday.

Now it's saturday and I'm currently getting my hair and makeup done.

Many of my bruises is started to fade, it's only the worst of them left but they are also fading more and more by the day.


I actually looking forward for today, I have a good feeling about tonight.

I don't know what or why but I always trust my gut feeling.

And I can't wait to see the look on my guys face when they see the finish look with my amazing dress.

(A/N: I will post the links to the hairstyle, makeup and dress I will be using


Hairstyle:https://no.pinterest.com/pin/1036320564408257294/

Makeup:https://dk.pinterest.com/pin/1036320564408257489/

Dress:https://dk.pinterest.com/pin/1036320564408147165/)

Even though my shoes will be covered by the dress, they are also purple straps that goes up my legs with some butterfly on them.
I take a look in the mirror and I feel pretty and beautiful.


I have on some light purple diamond teardrop earrings.

The heart shaped white gold with diamonds necklace I always have to have on when I leave the house, a bracelet in white gold and some diamonds in it and a few simple yet elegant rings.

"Aww sweetheart, you truly look like a fairy princess, all eyes will be on you today" Linda said giving me a hug and I hug her back with a smile.

She too have a updo hairstyle, she have a elegant red dress with a slit on her right leg that goes just above her knee.

"Are you ready to head down, I'm sure everyone is waiting for us now!"Nona said coming over to give me a hug and so did my two aunties and I smiled and nodded my head.


We stepped out from the room and my guards in the hallway just looked at me dropping their jaw to the floor.

The ladies chuckled looking at them. "I'm sure they are not the only one that will look at you like that Talia!" aunty Lyla chuckled.

"Wow my sweet little flower, you truly are in full bloom today! It's no words to describe how wonderful you look!" Alan said coming over to give me a gentle hug.


"You truly look like cinderella pumpkin" Jack said hugging me as well.


"You sure are gonna be the sweetest and most beautiful lady on the ball."Tyler said hugging me.


"My perfect little butterfly" Ken said hugging me.
"Honey all eyes will be on you today that is for sure!" Riley said smiling and hugging me.


"Cupcake you have made our job extra hard today, keeping you safe away from other guys will sure be a difficult task" Charlie said gently kissing my cheek.


Then holding his arm out for me to hold and I took it and we were on our way to the staircase.


When we got closer I took a quick peak around the corner and saw everyone there.

And all my 5 guys look so damn sexy in their tailor made suits hugging their body.


"Okay we will go down then you will come last I want to take picture of you walking down the stairs" Nona said kissing my cheek and I nodded.


We waited a little so they could greet everyone there then my guards started to walk down the stairs and I held Charlie in the arm.


I took a deep breath then walked over to the top of the stairs and everyone were looking at me, everyone looked at me with shock, tears in their eyes and big smiles.

Me and charlie made our way down the stairs, and dad came meeting me at the bottom of the stairs with tears his eye.

"Bambina, you truly look like a princess, I have no words" he said gently cupping my cheek with onehand and kissed my forehead.

The rest of my million brothers and uncles including Caleb and Jacob since I call them uncles as well came and told me how beautiful I look.
Even my brothers friends Henry, Paul, Benjamin and Axel gave me a quick hug and told me I looked amazing.

Then the last group of people were my guys, they still looked at me in shock, with so much love and affection in their eyes.


Linda had to give them a nudge to get them out of their trance which made me chuckle and everyone smiled brightly.


Kayden walked up to me first and gave me a quick kiss on the lips


"Babe I have no words for how amazing you are looking!" he said holding my hands looking deep into my eyes. I smiled brightly back.

Kai then walked up and also gave me a quick kiss on my lips.


And yes my family have figured out I'm with all five of them and somehow they don't mind as long as they treat me right and never break my heart.


"Love you sure are looking absolutely perfect!" he whispered in my ear when he pulls me into a hug.


Then Carter walks over, also give me a quick kiss on the lips. "Baby you are forever the only star in my heart!" he whispered hugging me gently.

"Tesoro" Ezra said before kissing my lips quick and hug me gently "you are the definition of perfection" he whispered.

Then Levi came over and gave me a kiss and a hug "Amore, no words are good enough to describe how perfect you look" he said with a bright smile.

"Okay the limousines are outside waiting for us, Talia you with your guys and guards in one" Papa Said with a smile and we all nodded and headed
out.

The rest of the family splitted up into the rest of the limousines and we were on our way to the mafia ball.

The guard closed the window between us and the driver so I could talk if I wanted.

I noticed the guys looked a bit shy for some reason. "Why are you all so shy?" I chuckled.

They let out a deep breath then Kayden took my hands in his.

"Babe you remember when we went out shopping last weekend I got something at the jewelry shop?" He asked looking shy and I smiled gently and nodded.


"I actually got you something, I wanted to give you if or when you became my girlfriend, then these guys entered the relationship as well so they wanted to be in on it" he said with so much love in his voice and I started to get tears in my eyes I quickly blinked away I can't cry now.

Kayden brought out a box from his pocket and headed it to me.

I carefully opened the box and saw a beautiful custom made pandora charm bracelet, it have a heart, a key, a lock, a sun, a moon and a little plate with a date engraved in it.
###Chapter 72.

Kayden's pov

"Wow it's so beautiful I love it!" she said in complete awe.

"The meaning is that you have the key to our heart, and that you are our light, day and night. The date is the date you said yes to all of us!" I said picking it out of the box and she gave me her arm she don't have a bracelet on.


"It's perfect thank you all so much, and I feel bad for not having a gift for you all!" She said a little said.

"Amore we don't need a gift! Please never worry about ever giving us a gift!" Levi said taking her other hand and kissed the back of her hand.

"Having you in our life's like this is the greatest gift we all could ever ask for Love" Kai said with a genuine smile and we all nodded.

"We all love you so much Baby!" Carter said with so much love in his voice.

"Tesoro,you will forever be the only one all of us will need!" Ezra said and we all nodded to that.

"I love you all so much" She said with tears in her eyes, I saw she struggled to blink them away.

"Babe, don't cry" I said caressing her cheek.

"I know, it's just, you all makes me so happy!" she said looking into my eyes.
We then heard a few sniffles in the car and looked over at the guards who all sixof them were crying.

"Damn you kids, why did you all have to be so damn cute" Tyler said wiping his tears and the rest of them nodded.

And we all laughed and a little later the car came to a stop.

I took a deep breath, to calm my nerves.

"Babe we will be with you every step of the evening!" I said kissing her hand I still have in my hand, and she smiled and nodded at me.

Our door open and the guards went out first then my friends, then I got out and hold my hand out for her which she took and I helped her out the car.


The cameras were flashing all over.

It were packed with journalist here and everyone took a billion pictures.

We walked in with the rest of our families and many asked mne who the beautiful girl I had on my arm is.

We all ignored them of course and made our way into the Russian mafia's estate.

We had to stand in the foyer a while, our names will be called up then we can enter the ballroom.


When it was mine and Lin's turn I felt she got more nervous.

"I got you babe, I will be with you the entire time." I whispered then kissed her temple.
"Next we have the Bianchi's lost princess who have returned" The man introducing everyone said and everyone in the ballroom got quiet and looked our way.


Damn, even I am nervous now now.

"Please give a warm welcome Talia Bianchi who is escorted by Kayden Miller" he said and everyone in the room started to clap loudly.

Everyone have been waiting for the return of the Bianchi princess and get a glimpse of her.

We walked down the stairs and so many people were talking and looking at us.


We kept on smiling and getting down the stairs. When we were down we walked over to our families.

"Bambina you looked so perfect" Thomas said proudly and gave her a hug so did the rest of her family.

She smiled and nodded to them. The we saw the mexican family made their way over to us.

"Arthur, it's so good to see you again" Alejandro Ramirez said giving him a hug.

"You as well Alejandro, please you have to meet my daughter Talia" He said holding his and out for Talia and she walked over there but kept a hold of my hand as well so I walked over there with her.

"Bambina this is a very good friend of mine and our mafias are allies"Arthur said with a smile, and Talia smiled nodded and gave a bow with her head in sign of respect to Alejandro.
"It's so good to meet you again Talia" Alejandro said holding out his hand.

Lia looked at him for a little, then tilted her head a little then a big smile were formed on her face and she ended up giving him a big hug which he returned.


"You remember Alejandro bambina?" Arthur asked with a smile and she smiled back and nodded happily.

And that made Alejandro smile widely to her "I'm happy to hear that cariño" he said smiling.


Then Lia looked at one of her guards that had her notebook, he walked over with it and handed it to her.


Espero que tú, tu hijo Santiago y tu hija Olivia se encuentren bien?

(gEspero que tú, tu hijo Santiago y tu hija Olivia se encuentren bien?-I hope you and your son Santiago and daughter Olivia is all doing well?)

"Yes, I'm so happy to see you remember them cariño!" he said with a bright smile.


"And I take it that you have become mute, since you is writing?" he asked carefully and Lia smiled and nodded.


"We hope that will change with time, when she get more comfortable, her life away have not been a easy one but that is something we can talk about another time" Arthur explained to Alejandro who looked at Lia with a sad smile and nodded.


"Ahaa here comes my children" Alejandro said smiling looking at his two kids walking over.
"Santiago, Olivia please come and meet Talia" he said.

"Hello Talia, it's nice to meet you again!" Santiago said with a smile, "You look like a true princess tonight sweetie!" Olivia said also with a smile.

'Nice to meet both of you again Santiago and Oliva! You both look amazing as well!'

"Awe you are just as cute as I remember!" Olivia squealed and hugged Lia tightly.


"I do remember you had a bit of a sass in you, have that disappeared?"Santiagoasked with a smirked.

"Oh no that is still there" Leon chuckled joining the conversation. "But she is also a very polite girl that is for suré!" He said putting a hand on Lia's shoulder.


'I'm a bit thirsty, where may I find something to drink?'


She asked Leon but I answered "I can show you babe please follow me."I said with a smile and held out my armn and she nodded and smiled took my arm and we made our way across the floor.

Suddenly we hear a lot of screams and we stop and stand still then suddenly we see to big ass tigers running in into the room and heading straight for us, suddenly Lia is pushing me hard away and the two tigers attack Lia to the floor.


And my heart is beating a mile per minute and everyone scream her name.

When someone try to make their way close, the tigers look at them and show their teeths and roared.
Everything is standing still.
###Chapter 73.

Dominie Volkov's pov

It sure have been a while since we have had so any mafia families together in one place.

And everything is currently going smoothly and just pray it will keep going like this.

I got to see when the missing princess walked down the stairs and she looked just like a fairy princess.

Just by looking at her you could see she have a special aura around her.

I saw the mexican standing over there talking to the Bianchi and I was just about to make my way over there, when suddenly I hear screams and roars.

What the fuck is Zeus and Hades walking lose for.

I see they make their way into the ballroom and everyone get out of the way.

And I see they are heading straight for Talia and Kayden.

Then suddenly Talia is pushing Kayden hard away and they both attack Talla to the ground.

"Zous, Hades, STOP" I shout but they just show their teeth to me.

And since this is a ball with so many high ranking family members from different mafias we have a rule to not have any weapons.

"Oh my god, 'Talla" I her Arthur shout.
When I get a bit closer I see Talia have a smile on her face and Zeus and Hades is rubbing their heads up against her.

What the fuck!?!? I see Talia is petting them both.

Then they let her get up and she whistle and do a hand motion so both Zeus and Hades sits down next to her.

But when someone try to get close to her, they start to roar again and show their teeth but stop when Talia make a sound with her mouth.

Wow she sure have control on my tigers.

I call out for them but they just look at me then look up on Talia for instruction.


I see Talia bring out her phone and tap on it for a little.

Next I see Leon walking over to me.

"Dominic hey, Talia wonder where you want the tigers" he said looking worried over at Talia.

"She sure have control over them, I'm shocked, even I don't have that much control over them!" I said still in awe looking at Talia as she smiles and petting both of them while they sitting next to her.

Talia look over at Leon then she see me and she make her way over to us and when she take a step both Zeus and Hades does.

When she stand in front of me and stop they both stop and sit down next to her leaning up against her legs.

Like the tigers are almost her height she is probably between 20-30cm taller than them.
l look down on my tigers and it looks like they are smiling when she pets them.


"Zeus, Hades come here!" I order them to come sit next to me and they show me their fucking teeth.

Talia chuckle and her chuckle is the sweetest sound I have ever heard,when she chuckle Zeus and Hades stands up and start to rub their against her again smiling.

"Do you by any chance know Zeus and Hades?" I ask her and she smile and nods at me.

"How" Leon ask standing next to me still looking worried at Talia.

I see she tap on her phone and then Léon get a message he show it to me as well.

'I named them'

"Oh my god, you are that Talia! Dina have talked lot's about you, like he never shuts up, it's like I know you just from hearing him talking about you so much!" I said with a bright smile.

She send another text to Leon.

'What Dina is he here?'

I look at her and she have a bright smile on her face and I nod.

I pull up my phone and call Dina.

Dominic: "Dina come to the ballroom and bring Michelle, someone here would like to meet you!"
Dina: "Coming Vor v Zarkone"

(Vor v Zarkone - 'Theif-in-law)

I hung up the call and didn't take long until the two walked in the ballroom and when they saw Zeus and Hades, you could see they had panic in their eyes but then a realization hit them.

"TALIA???" Dina shouted and Talia quickly turned around and ran up to Dina, Zeus and Hades ran over with them and when she hugged Dina they sat down.

Talia was hugging Dina so tightly her legs is hanging in the air so Dina put one arm under her butt and one around her back hugging her tightly and I could see he was crying and I looked over at Michelle who was crying as well.

Michelle joined their hug and Talia was just sitting on Dina's arm with a big smile on her face.

I slowly made my way over there, Leon and Kayden join me as well as the rest of their family and the mexican.

"Oh my god, dorogoy I never thought I was ever gonna see you again! I have missed you so so so much" Dina said with tears in his eyes and a bright smile on his face.

(dorogoy-sweetheart)

"Sweetheart how are you doing?" Michelle asked her and she picked up her phone and texted and showed it to them.

They both just hugged her tightly after they saw her reply.
"Bambina are you okay?" Arthur asked his daughter who looked over at him with happy tears in her eyes and smiled brightly and nodded.


"Are you hurt anywhere?" Josefine asked worried and she smiled and shook her head.


Then she texted and everyone of them got a notification and Leon showed me and chuckled.


'These big teddy bears will never hurt me even if they were ordered too,they would attack the one ordering them instead xD'


Dina laughed "That is so true, and if they see anyone hurting Talia they would also attack them" he said with a bright smile.

"How do you know Talia, Dina?" Leon ásked curiously.

"Well when we were living in Seattle and had our ranch Talia 'worked'for us, but she became more like our 'daughter/sister' and she personally trained Zeus and Hades from they got born till they were a bit over 1 year old when we started to work for Dominic Volkov four years ago" He explained.


"Then you two have our eternal gratitude. You both helped our bambina so much for those years she was able to spend with you two, you guys were her escpe and you guys was showing her love and care when she didn't get any at home!" Thomas said and bowed his head and so did the rest of the family.

I'm in complete shock and so were both Dina and Michelle.

"What are you talking about?" Dina asked shocked.

"What if we invite both the Russian family including Dina and Michelle
and the Mexican over for dinner tomorrow?" Josefine asked and we all nodded.
###Chapter 74.

Dominic's pov

"Well that sounds like a plan then!" I said with a smile looking at Talia in Dina's arm who just hugging him tightly.

"Sweetheart, may I ask for a favor from you?" Michelle asked and Talia nodded with a smile.

"Can we hear some piano playing from you, it's been so long since we have heard it" She asked and Talia looked over at me with a raised eyebrow.

"She is asking you for permission" Kayden said smiling at Talia.

"Oh of course you can, I think we all would love to hear the Bianchi princess play music" I said with a smile and you heard a lot happy cheers around the ballroom.

Dina let Talia down on the floor and when her feet hit the floor both Zeus and Hades stoodup, when Talia walked over to the piano they followed her, when she sat down on the piano stool they laid down on the floor next to her and we all moved a bit closer to her.

She started playing and man it sure were some beautiful piano music (my heart will go on (from "Titanie") - Piano version-Patrik Pietschmann)

I were just so lost in her musie and I think everyone else were too.

Then you could see some people started to dance to it.

Next she played (A thousand years - Piano version - Riyandi Kusuma)
Like L know I can play piano but she make it look more easier then it is.


She just sitting there with eyes closed and let the musie fly out of her fingers like she have not done anything else in her life.

"Oh,how I have missed hearing her play honey!" Michelle said leaning up against her husband Dina,

"Yeah it's so good to see our little princess again" He said holding around her.

I saw Kayden and his friends just look at her in awe.

Seemed like her and Kayden and his friends are close.

Well she sure deserve all the love in the world, she looks like a girl with a pure heart and she seem so innocent, sweet and kind.

Then she started to play (River flows in you-Yiruma)

"Wow she is good" I heard Nico say in shock.

"You guys haven't heard her play yer?" Dina asked shocked.

"Me. Linda and Kayden did when we saved her in Seattle" Jacob said looking at Talia with admiration in his eyes.

"We only have seen a picture of her playing from when they were with her in Seattle" Leon explained.

Then she played (Perfect - Piano version -Daniele Leoni)

"She have only been home twoweeks and t day, and the time have been filled with a lot of different stuff." Arthur explained.
"Wait Jacob you said 'saved her', what do you mean?" Dina asked worried.

"We can explain it all tomorrow for all of you!" Thomas said with a sad smile.


"Does this have something to do with why she don't talk?" Santiago asked and the Bianchi and Miller family all nodded their head.

Then she played (Right here waiting - Piano version -Riyandi Kusuma)

What have this poor girl been going through?

That she have stopped talking and had to be saved by the Millers.

"We also want to talk to you guys about potentially move into the Bianchi estate for a little at least, we have gotten some very valuable information about the Irish thanks to a certain princess." Leon whispered so only me and Santiago could hear it.

"Well we will move in without a question if we get to spend time with Talia" Santiago said with a smile and I nodded.


"And I think Dina and his wife would love to join as well" I said and they looked at me with bright smiles and nodded.

Then she played (The one that got away (piano version)- Riyandi Kusuma)


"Well we can help you start moving in tomorrow morning and have a formal dinner tomorrow night celebrating our alliance?" Leon suggested and we all nodded.


"But I think I need to bring those two with me if that is okay?" I said to Leon pointed at Zeus and Hades.
"Now that they have meet Talia again, you will have a hard time getting them away from her let me tell you!" Dina chuckle and Michelle smiled and nodded.


Next she played (Shivers - piano version-Flying fingers)

"I have a hard time believing they even will let her go home alone today.so maybe you should let them go home with her today?" Michelle said in a serious tone.


"As long as you promise they won't eat anyone or ruin our house I don't mind them at all" Arthur said smiling.

"Seem like Talia is also very fond of them." Josefine said.

I looked up and saw both Zeus and Hádes had sat down next to her and put their head on her lap.

After listen to a few more songs Talia were playing she closed the lid of the piano and stood up and she walked over to me and gave me a bow.

"Sweetheart why are you bowing to me we all should bow to you in thanks for a wonderful piano playing" I said with a big smile on my face.


I have never felt so at peace ever before as I am now listen to her playing.

"She is saying thank you for letting her using the piano" Theo came up to Talia and put a hand around her waist and gave her a side hug.

"Your very welcome sweetheart but still it's us that should thank you for the amazing music" I said with a smile and then I bowed down and everyone else in the ballroom did as well.

When I looked back up P'saw Talia had tears in her eyes but a smile on
her face.

I pulled her gently into a hug and she hugged me back and I could hear she started to cry.

And that broke my heart, what have this sweet wonderful human being been going through?

She pulled away from the hug and she put her hands on my cheeks then she wiped away some tears I didn't even noticed had fallen down my face.

I did the same for her as well very gently so I wouldn't mess up her makeup.

Then she walked over to Kayden and his friends and would you know it,Zeus and Hades followed her.

Suddenly I felt an arm around my shoulder and I looked to my sde and seeing my brother.

"I see my big brother have gotten soft" Niklas said and I just smiled.

"More that I feel a big brother protectiveness over her" I said smiling looking at Talia.

"You are not alone Dominic, from the second I meet her, both me and Stuart have felt the same!" Victor said.

"So now she have even more brothers that will protect her, starting to feel sorry for her" Santiago smirked and the rest of us laugh.
###Chapter 75.

Levi's pov

What a night.

First seeing Lia looking so beautiful it took my breath away when she walked down the stairs.


She truly look like a fairy princess, and I'm so proud to have her as my girl.


Then when we gave her the bracelet in the car, I'm so happy she loved it!

And again when she and Kayden walked down the stairs to the ballroom,she took my breath away again.

She is the most gorgeous girl walking on this earth.

But, when 'I saw two bg ass tigers running straight towards her, when she and Kayden were gonna go get something to drink my heart stopped.

I saw they all over her when she were laying on the floor.

At that point we didn't know if she were alive or dead and when we tried to make our way over to Lia the tigers roared and showed their teeth.

They didn't even listen to Dominic who is the owners of the tigers.

But when I saw Lia's small hands were scratching and petting the two tigers I finally were able to breath again.

Seeing her toss herself at the man named Dina, I'm not gonna lie,I felt jealous and I know the rest of the guys did as well but after they explained how they knew her, I remember she wrote in the group chat
that she looked at Dina as a brother/father and he was really good to her.

Then we got to hear her beautiful plano playing. I were just so lost in the music.


This girl truly excel in everything she does.

I know we have heard her playing the piano in the music room whenshe have sang her songs for us but this was a bit different.

Now Lia and the two tigers are walking towards us and I have to say I'm nervous for the tigers but I trust they will listen to Lia, they seem so attached to her.

When she came closer to us I couldn't help but smile brightly.

"Amore you never seem to stop surprise me" I said gently pulling her into a hug and kiss her lips gently.

She smile putting a hand on my cheek.

Then Carter hugged her and kissed her gently "Baby you are amazing in anything and everything you do"

"Tesoro, is it something your not good at?" Ezra asked then hugged her and kissed her, when they pulled away she just smiled and shrugged her shoulder.

"Love I have to say your piano music is perfection just like you" Kai said pulling her into a hug, then kissed her lips.

"But Love you scared the shit out of me when the tigers came running for you." He said gently caressing her cheek and she gave him a sheepish smile back.
"Babe please never do that ever again" Kayden said hugging her from behind,we saw she lean into his chest and relaxed a little.


"You are the most important one here for all of us! Never put yourself in danger like that!" he said still hugging her from behind!

"Yeah I think all our hearts stopped when we saw these two running straight for you!" Nico said looking at her with worry.

She looked at all her brothers and all of us and at a apologetic smile on her face.


Adam walked over to her and hugged her.

"I were so worried I would lose my bambina for good this time!He said with tears in his eyes and Lia wiped them away gently and smiled.


"Sorellina" Declan said hugging his sister tightly.

Then Zane came and hugged her, then Brandon and all the rest of her brothers.


Her uncles including Caleb and Jacob.

Her father and grandparents and then all her guards.

"So Talia, since we will be moving in with you all tomorrow. I don't think Zeus and Hades want to leave your side, do you maybe think you can watch over them till tomorrow? And since we will be very busy with the move tomorrow it's better they are already there and have someone they know watching them." Dominic asked with a smile looking at Lia.

Talia looking at Arthur "It's fine with us if it's okay with you!" he said smiling at Lia who then crouched down to Zeus and Hades and she
looked them in their eyes like she have a conversation with them.

"Oh my god, it's been so long since I have seen this. Watch, now they probably gonna run away and find one toy they want to take with them"Dina said amused.

We saw the tigers tilted their heads a little then they stood up and started to run away and didn't take long before they were back with one toy each and a blanket in their mouth.

"Wow amazing. How did she do that?" Olivia asked shocked.

"She just have that gift about her. She were amazing when we trained tigers or any kind of animals. And she personally have trained 6 tiger cubs.9 horses and I don't know how many dogs but a lot and some other animals" Dina said smiling proudly at Talia.

I looked at Lia and she looked at Dina with a sheepish smile.

"I take that you will look after them for me?" Dominic asked and Lia smiled and nodded.

"Okay then we will start to head out" Thomas said and we all nodded.

Lia walkedover to me and hold around my neck and I figured she wanted me to carry her so I lifted her up bridal style and she rested her head against my chest.

The rest of our family, the mexican and russian chuckled and the rest of my boys just smiled brightly.

I looked at the beautiful girl in my arms and I couldn't feel happier!

We made our way out, Zeus and Hades walked beside me like they are
protecting me becauise I'm holding bia in my arms.

When we walked out the paparazzis are still here and they took a bunch a pictures.

Lia made a hidden snap with her fingers and both Zeus and Hades started to roar loudly and all the paparazzis started to run away and Lia turned around and chuckled into my chest.

The guards open the door to the limo and I got in with Lia then the tigers got in, then the rest of my boys then lastly the guards.

During the ride home Lia fell asleep in my arms and we all were just admiring her with so much awe.

The tigers sat up and put their head on her laps and just kept looking at Lia.


I looked at the boys and they all looked just as shocked about this.

When we got home we made our way up the stairs to Lia's bedroom where Emma and Elaina were waiting to help Lia undress.

But when they saw Zeus and Hades they got a bit scared and honestly I can't blame them.
###Chapter 76.

Ezrai's pov.

Seeing how scared Emma and Elaina got seeing Zeus and Hades I looked at the guys.

"Maybe we should get Lia ready for bed today?" I whispered and they nodded.


"Emma, Elaina, we can help Lia today, these two won't leave Lia's side and they only listen to Lia" I whispered when we got closer, the two ladies looked at each other.

"Or if you guys are with us we can do it, we just don't want to be alone with the tigers" Emma whispered with a smile and we all nodded and we got into the bedroom.

"Okay if you can just hold her so I can take out all her hair accessories"Elaina whispered looking at Levi and he nodded.


Elaina started to take out the stuff in her hair while Zeus and Hades paid close attention to everything happening to Lia.


"They are sure good watch dogs or should I say cats" Carter whispered looking at the two tigers and we all nodded at that.

"She sure have a heavy sleeping heart with you guys around, it's like she know nothing will hurt her so she completely let her guard down and goes into a deep sleep" Emma chuckled starting to take off her jewelry she have on.


That made us guys look proud at Lia, she truly trust us a lot and that warms my heart.
Blaina removed her makeup while Emma put Lia's hair up in a bun.

When they were gonna unzip Lia's dress Levi had to change his hold on her.


So now her head is resting on his shoulder so her back is free for them to unzip the dress.

Lia put her hands around Levi's neck and she put one hand in his hair.

I could see this started to create a reaction in Levi dress pants and me and the guys couldn't help but smirk.

But the smirk disappeared when we started to see the scars on Lia's back.

We all knew she have them but Kayden is the only one of us that have seen them.


I carefully walked up to Lia and looked at her scars and traces some of them with my fingers.

The rest of the guys came as well.

We gently helped Lia out of the dress so now she were just on her purple lingerie.

"First time you see the scars?" Elaina asked us worried and all except Kayden nodded.

I saw slash scars, stab scars and gunshot scars.

"How can someone do this to her?" I choked on my own tears.

Emma came walking out from the bathroom, "The tub is ready for her"She whispered.
When Blaina tried to take Lia out of Levi's arms the tigers started to show their teeth.


"Okay, maybe they don't want anyone else to hold her since Lia was the one initiating for Levi to lift her" Kayden whispered and we all nodded.

"Okay guess you all have to join us in the bathroom then." Elaina whispered.

So we all walked into the bathroom.

Emma opened Lia's bra "Hope Talia won't hate us for letting you guys see her naked while she is sleeping" Emma whispered looking worried at Lia.

"We all will look away" Levi whispered and we all nodded.

"You,two just tell me how you need me to hold Lia and I will without looking at her!" He added in a whisper, Emma and Elaina nodded.

"Okay first walk over to the bathtub and we will then take off her underwear. Then I will help guide you arms into the tub while you still hold her" Elaina whispered and Levi nodded.


"Can one of you help me unbutton my dress jacket and shirt?" Levi whispered and I nodded walking over to him, helped him undress while he still hold Lia.

We got one of his arms out first of the jacket then shirt. Then he switched hold on Lia so he could get the other out.

He then walked over to the bathtub and then I saw he looked away and we turned around.


Before I turned around I saw Zeus and Hades sitting next to the tub
watching over Lin.

"Cute how they are so on guards with her!" Kai whispered and the rest of us nodded.


We saw Elaina tossed Lia's underwear in the laundry basket.

And knowing that right now Lia is naked is turning me on more than I want to admit.

We heard the water splash a little while they cleaned Lia's body.

I then saw Emma walked over to the sink get Lia's toothbrush, got some toothpaste on it then a glass of water.

It makes me happy that they take so good care of Lia, but honestly I wish we could be doing this for her instead.

Not long after Emma came to get a big towel and then Elaina said Levi could stand up.


"Okay Levi lean her up against your chest so we can dry her back" Elaina whispered.

After a bit Emma went to Lia's closeth then came out with some clothes for her to have on.


They directed Levi how they needed and when they were done they told us we could turn around.

I saw Lia in a black and pink sports bra and pj shorts.

"Let's get out to the bedroom so we can braid her hair like she like to have it when she sleeps." Elaing said smiling.
We walked out and Levi sat down on her chair by the vanity mirror.

I saw he was pretty flushed for some reason.

After they were done braiding her hair Elaina said "Okay you can put her to bed, then go and get ready for bed yourself. We will tell Ken and Alan to keep an eye on her incase she get a nightmare while you guys get ready for bed."


Levi put her to bed and we got out of there.

We headed back to Kaydens room and when I closed the door Levi let out a groan.

"What's up buddy?" Carter asked amused.

"Do you know how it feel to have the girl of your dream naked in your arms and can't do anything about it? Or feel her perfect bare boobs pressed up against your bare chest and can't do anything? Fuck that were torture!" he said and we looked down and saw he had a clear boner in his dress pants.

"Dude you are lucky you was even able to feel that,do you know how hard it was to just stand there and hear everything but couldn't see anything? And knowing your dream girl is naked in your best friends arms!" I said and the rest nodded.


We all got ready for bed quickly after that and hurried back to Lia's room.

When we got there we saw Zeus and Hades in bed with her, but they jumped down when they saw us coming in.


Guess they made sure she wouldn't feel alone so she wouldn't get any nightmare. They sure are protective of her.
We all got in bed like we always do and didn't take long until we all had fallen asleep.
###Chapter 77.

Talia's pov

I woke up to feel someone tracing my scars on my stomach.

I slowly opened my eyes and looked at all my guys looking at them with tears in their eyes and I saw Zeus and Hades also laying in bed with us.

"Good morning beautiful" Carter said looking up at me, I looked at him then down on my scarred stomach on full display for them all.

"You know love, these scars, show us just how strong of a person you truly are! And even though I wish they never happened to you, they do not take away your beauty!" Kai said putting two fingers under my chin and made me look up into his beautiful sea blue eyes.

The rest of my guys voiced their agreement to what Kai just said.

"Please never think you need to hide you body for any reason from us or nobody else!" Levi said leaning over to kiss my temple.

"We love you for who you are inside and out! And nothing will ever change that!" Ezra said and they all again nodded in agreement.

"Babe,you know I saw the scars the first day we meet and I still only saw the beautiful person you are!" Kayden said holding around me from behind.


"Thank you all!" I said choking on my tears.

How have I gotten so wonderful guys like these to love me so unconditionally.
"You know. I'm always scared I wake up one day and that you five have just been an amazing dream!" I whispered.

"Lia" Kayden said hugging me tight and pull me up on his lap. "We will never go anywhere! We are with you now and forever!" Kayden said kissing my neck sweetly.

He then kissed my sweet spot and I let out a quiet moan and I could feel Kayden smirk against my neck.

"Good to know where that is!" he whisper in my ear and I blushed a dark crimson red and the rest chuckled.


Then there were a knock on the door and the guys said for them to come in.


"Good morning sweetheart, time to get ready for the day." Elaina said with a bright smile.

"We think just some regular clothes for now and then a dress for the dinner later?" Emma said with her usual chippy voice and I just smiled and nodded.


"Well we are on tigersitting duaty until the Volkov family have been able to move in" Kayden said with a smile and I smiled and nodded.


"Can you maybe tell your two fluffyfriends that they should lay quiet in a corner while me and Emma get you ready?" Elaina asked with a shy smile and I looked at them confused.


"You see, they didn't let Elaina take you out of Levi's arms yesterday so we had to keep them company, but we promise we didn't look! But those two kept watch over you Jike a hawk." Ezra explained and I felt my face burn up more and more the more Ezra explained.
Had I been a cartoon character right now you would see steam come out of my ears.

I covered my face. I couldn't look at any of my guys in the eyes right now and they chuckled.

I took a deep breath and moved my hands to talk to Zeus and Hades.

I looked them deep in their eyes and then they started to cover their faces with their big paws.

"Wow amazing" Emma whispered.

Then I snapped my fingers and they jumped down from the bed and laid down on the floor next to the seating group with my bookshelf.

I nodded to the guys and they understood they could leave and get ready.

So they all kissed me one by one then headed out of the room.

I went in to take a shower and when I got back out Emma had found some clothes and Elaina were ready to blow dry my hair.


I sat down and Elaina did her thing, while Emma were cleaning my room a little.


They always make sure I don't have any dust in here.

Elaina put my hair into a messy bun then Emma handed me the clothes.

It were some red lingerie, ankle socks, light blue with waist skinny ripped jeans, a white singlet and a dark purple zip hoodie and then some white sneakers.


When I were putting on the shoes it were a knock on the door and Emma
told thtem to come in.

And in came my guys. "You looking perfect as always Amore" Levi said kissing my head.

"Ready to go down and get some breakfast?" Kayden asked holding out his hand for me to take and I nodded.

I took Kayden's hand and started to walk out the bedroom and then I gave a whistle noise so Zeus and Hades followed.


And we got out of my room and my guards said good morning as well and then we all headed down.


When we got down to the dining room everyone were about to storm me and wish me good morning but Zeus and Hades bared their teeth.

I snapped my fingers and they went to lay down in a corner of the dining room.

Then I nodded for my brothers to come and hug me and they did.

"Wow,you sure have control on those two" Papa said shocked when he came to hug me good morning.

I ended up sitting on Victor's lap for breakfast.

When Miranda and her servants came with our breakfast I gave them my bow an Miriam kissed my head.

We enjoyed our breakfast and Stuart got my leftovers.

"Bambina, will you be okay here watching over the tigers? Of course your boys and guards will be here with you" Dad asked and I smiled and noddnd
###Chapter 78.

Stuart's pov

You know, when I first started to hear about this girl in Seattle that made my parents and baby brother stay there longer. I couldn't believe my ears.

When they got back from Seattle, they never could shuit up about her,and that is a shocker actually, because my family is not fond of interact with others if it isn't for business.


But here they were talking about this girl nonstop, and when Kayden said she suddenly goes to his school, and that she live with the Bianchi,I were shocked.


Leon and Dante, Brandon, Lucian, Kieran, Michel and Nathan have been talking about their missing princess for years, even Santiago talked about how much he missed their missing princess.

And when we got invited to their home for a weekend1.I looked forward to meet this person everyone were so fascinated with.


And from the moment I meer her, it were like I got this big brother protectiveness over her, and I know I were not the only one. Victor got that as well.

Then learning my baby brother and his friends are all dating her, we couldn't do anything other than smirk.


None of them have never really been once to be caught up with girl. But here they are all of them have fallen hard for our sister Talia.

Seeing how she got tackled by Zeus and Hades yesterday, my heart stopped. I couldn't lose my new sister so soon.
I saw how she pushed Kayden away! She didn't hesitate to sacrifice herself to save Kayden.

Or maybe she already knew it were Zeus and Hades?

"Talia honey, may I ask you a question?" I asked looked to my right were she is still sitting on Victors lap, she look at me and nod with a smile.


"Yesterday, when you tossed Kayden out of the way when Zeus and Hades came running towards you, did you know it was those two?"I looked at her and everyone else around the table stopped eating waiting for her answer.

Her smile slowly faded and she look down on her lap and shook her head.

I don't know how I feel about knowing this. She were willing to sacrifice herself for Kayden.


"Talia promise me you will never do something so reckless ever again!"I said putting two fingers under her chin and made her look at me in my eyes.


She shook her head. "Your saying you won't make that promise?" I asked for confirmation and she nodded.


"Why?" I heard Nico ask with tears in his eyes.

She picked up her phone and texted.

'Because I can't live with myself if anyone of you get hurts because of me!And if I'm in a position where you all can be saved I will gladly sacrifice myself to save you all!'

We all ready what she wfote, and we all were so touched from what she
wrote with her words that none of us said anything for a little.

We all just kept staring down on the phone we all looked at the group chat we have together.

"Just know Talia, none of us can live with ourselves if anything happen to you as well! We have lost you once and we can never lose you again! So let us all promise we all do everything we can to not come into a situation like that again!" Nathan said looking at Talia across the table and we all nodded at that including Talia.

I saw Victor hugger her a bit tighter and I saw my big bad scary mafia don of a brother had tears on his eyes looking down on Talia.

He just hold around her and kissed her head and rested his head on hers.

This girl sure know how to work magic it's crazy.

"Okay everyone we will split up in two groups, some of us will help The Volkov and some the Ramirez. Talia, her guys and guards will stay home here with Zeus and Hades. Is everyone ready?" Thomas asked and we nodded our heads then we all started to hug and kiss Talia goodbye and told her we will see her at dinner later.

I were in the group that went to the Russian.

When we got there we saw they already starting to move boxes out in the moving truck.


"Someone is eager to move to the Bianchi estate!" Leon snickered and we all laughed.

"Well guess we are all eager to see a certain baby sister princess" Simone said walking up to us and her twin brother Dominic.
"Can you blame us though? That tiny girl sure made an impression on us all yesterday" Maria said walking up to us as well.

"And I'm sure Talia will love get some girls around the estate!" Dominic looked at two of his three sisters.


"We look forward to get to properly meet her today" Simone said smiling and Maria nodded.


"Have Zeus and Hades behaved?" Dominic asked careful.

"Oh Vor v Zakone, you have nothing to worry about with those two now,they would follow Talia's word to the end of the world!" Dina said walking ouat with a few boxes he put in the truck.

"He is right, they have been stuck by Talia's side since we got home,her maids said they even kept eyes on her when they got her ready for bed,Talia had dozed off in the car and Zeus and Hades made sure nothing bad happened to her while she slept." Victor said chuckling.

"This morning during breakfast aunty Lyla asked if they could fetch stuff,Talia said aunty they ain't dogs but yes that they could get her simple things. Dad asked if we could see and Talia looked at them, one of them got her a bottle of water and one got her a pillow and a blanket!" Leon said chuckling as well.

"Wow, I didn't even know they could do that." Dominic said shocked.

"Well they only did that with Talia, we could never get them to do that for us!" Michelle said with a smile.


"Come on so we can hurry home to our sweet baby sister!" I said with a smile and the rest of them nodded.
We use a few hours packing and moving out stuff they wanted to bring with them.

We ended up having lunch here then packed some more stuff.

Then we made our way home to the Bianchi estate, in time to move the stuff to the rooms they were gonna be in and get ready for the dinner.

And I for one can't wait to hug my new baby sister!
###Chapter 79.

Talia's pov

While the rest of the familles were away helping the mexican and russlan's to pack their stuff to move in here.

Me and my guys were in the music room working a little on our music.while Zeus and Hades were outside in the hallway with the guards.


After maybe 4 hours we went down to have some lunch and I told the staff what they needed to make for the tigers and then they got some lunch as well.

During lunch I sat on Carter's lap and Kai got my leftovers.

Honestly it was super peaceful just being us and my guards eating lunch together!

After that we went back to the music room.


We have come a long way with our music and we all think next Saturday will be great for us.

I can't wait to shock our families with the performance, I just pray they like it.


After a few hours in the music room again we went out in the garden so the tigers could play more freely.


When we saw the family were coming back we decided we were gonna go and get ready.

So I went to take a shower in my room and Kayden and the rest went to
his room.

When they come back I were currently just sitting in my baby blue lingerie while Elaina were doing my hair.

Knowing they saw me in my underwear yesterday I figured they could just come in and wait.

Now it was their time to blush a deep crimson red seeing me in my underwear like this, while Elaina doing my hair and Emma doing my makeup.

Elaina put my hair in a texture twist and tail hairdo and Emma did my makeup light with a little hint of blue so it would suit thebabe dress I would have on.

When I were done with hair and makeup Emma helped me on with my dress and Elaina found some cute baby blue heels with straps she helped me put on.

The light blue shoulderless short dress with ruched side hug my body's every curve.

Then they took on the bracelet I got from the guys, the simple earrings and a simple teardrop diamond necklace since we were just gonna be home I don't need the heart necklace I always have to have on when leaving the house.

When I were done getting dressed Elaina and Emma left, leaving me alone with my guys.

I walked over to the mirror and got a look of myself and then I turned to look at my guys who still have not uttered a word since they got in my room.
"So.. Can I wear this?"L asked them ruising an eyebrow.

I could clearly see I have had and impact on them, not just by the lock on their face but from the huge bulge in their dress pants as well.

I walked over to Kayden with a smirk on my face.

First I put my hands around his waist and he put his on my lower back.

I then slide one hand over his bulge in his pants and gently caress over it.

"Babe" he whispered.

"I would say with this reaction on all of you, that you approve, come the rest must be waiting for us" I said looking up at them all and they all just swallowed nervously and nodded.


"Maybe you all should do something about this" I said caressing over Kaydens bulge again.

"Our the guards outside will never stop teasing you about it." I said in a seductive tone and stepped away walking over to my nightstand were my phone is charging.

I looked at all of them adjusting themself from the corner of my eyes.

I couldn't help by smile happily inside me,knowing that I have this kind of reaction on all my guys.

"You know you are a meaniel" Kayden walked up behind me hugging me from behind.


"What did I do?" I asked in a very innocent voice.

"You know exactly what you did to all of ust" Carter said walking up to
me and Kayden, he got in front of me lifting my chin so I looked up into his eyes.

"Oh my sweet Carter, I don't know what you are talking about!" I said with a very innocent smile.

"You know we will get you back for that one day!" he said caressing my cheek and I bite my lower lip which made all of them groan.

"Love we have just been able to calm down and you do that" Kai groan started to adjust himseIf and so did the rest of the guys.

I looked over at them and gave them a wink.

"We need to go down now my loves" I told them and started to walk towards the door.


"Not so fast Amore" Levi said blocking my way, pulling me close to him with his hands around my waist.

He leaned down and captured my lips with his.

He deepen the kiss and I felt how hungry he were for me, I kissed back with the same passion and we pulled away when we need air.


Then Kai pulled me into a passionate kiss I returned, and when we needed air, Carter pulled me into a heated kiss which I returned with just as much heat!

Then it were Ezra and lastly it were Kayden. And when we pulled away he lifted me up bridal style.

"Now we can go babe" Kayden said smirking down at me and I chuckled.

Kayden made sure my butt and everything were covered then we headed
out.

As always the guard told me how beautiful I look and I'm the prettiest princess ever walking this earth.

We made our way down to the dining room and Kayden put me down on the floor and Zeus and Hades sat down next to my legs.

Everyone looked at us and Dominic came walking up to me

"Dorogoy I hope these two haven't cause you any problems?" He asked with a smile and I just smiled and shook my head.


"Good, and you look beautiful today just like yesterday. Hope these guys next to you is treated you right! If not please come to me and let me know I will put them in place for you!" He said with a wink and I couldn't help myself, I let out a chuckle.

Everyone in the room had a bright smile on their faces.

Suddenly I got pulled into a big hug "Dorogoy, how I have missed you chuckles!" Dina said he lifted me up and held me so I were sitting on one of his arms and I smiled brightly looking into his teary eyes.

I put my hands on his cheek and wiped his tears away and hugged him tightly after!

"And you look so perfect just like yesterday. And I still can't believe I have you back in my arms moy sladkiy rebenok!" Dina said hugging me tightly.

(moy sladkiy rebenok - my sweet baby)
###Chapter 80.

Kayden's pov.

When we had gotten ready for the dinner party we went back to Lia's room.

Emma said we could come in so we did.

But I don't think anyone of us were ready to see Lia sit there in her sexy lingerie getting dolled up by Elaina and Emma.

I immediately got a rock hard dick just seeing her like this.

And I saw I were not the only one, all five of us folded our hand in front of our huge bulge in our dress pants.

When she were done and walked up to me putting her hands around my waist, and I couldn't help the need I have for her.

But when she caressed her small hand over my dick it just got ten time harder it were throbbing for her touches.

Then she did it again telling us how we need to handle this or the guards would tease us, and she just walked away to pick up her phone, what a sly fox she is, she knew what she were doing to me.

I just can't wait till she is ready for us to take the next stop, I know we all have a need to pleasure her in every way possible.

After we all got our pretty heated and passionate kiss with her I picked her up and we stepped out.

As always her guards always give her hugs, kisses and compliments.
Zeus and Hades walked on each side of me since I were carrying Lia.

When we got down I know everyone would wanna hug her and greet her.

When I put her down Zeus and Hades were right next to her.

Dominic came over then Dina came and pulled her into a hug and held her so her butt were sitting on his arm.

I see these two have a truly tight bond.

Dina didn't put her down though so everyone else greeted her when she were sitting on his arm.

We all said hello and greeted Niklay, Simone, Maria, their baby sister Amalia. Liam is their father and Elena is their mother.


Olivia, Santiago and Alejandro also greeted Lia and the rest of us.

When we were eating Lia were sitting on Dinas lap and Michelle sat next to her husband on his left and Domínic on his right.

Guess we have more people now we need to share Lia's attention with.

"I have to say Talia, the piano playing you did yesterday was some of the most beautiful piano playing Ihave ever heard!" Elena said smiling sweetly to her and Lia smiled and bowed her head in thanks to her.


"Maybe we can get to hear some more today?" Simone asked looking hopeful at Lia and Lia looked hopeful over at Arthur.


"I would love to hear more of your wonderful piano playing bambina,you don't need to ask for permission!" he said in a soft voice and Lia's face light up then she looked af Simone and smiled brightly.
We continued with our three course dinner and first Dominic got her appetizer. I got her main course and Theo got her dessert leftovers.

After we were all done eating we moved into the living room and Lia were still hugging Dina tightly.

"I think we should all go over Talia's past before listen to her playing the piano because we will need the calm it gives us after hearing it a11.How does that sound bambina?" Thomas said and asked with a small smile on his face and Lia nodded.


"Okay I will create a group for all of us, we should have the nannies bring the two youngest to the movie room" Leon said, mom and Elena nodded their head in agreement and two nannies came in and took Sabrina and Amalia out of the room.


We all got a notification we had been added to a group.

"Okay so Talia will type her story so we all get it like this." Leon said and Lia nodded then typed on her phone.

Talia: 'And if anyone have any questions don't hesitate to ask'

We all nodded at that, she then looked at Dina put her hand on his cheek then hugged him and he just looked at her confused for a little.


Talia: 'My life living with my mother, my stepfather Gregor and his daughter Scarlette wasn't the greatest. After mom took me away from here we moved in with those two pretty quickly. And Gregor started to beat me unconsciously every day over the smallest things. Scarlette who are the same age as me started with small stuff, like pull my hair, push me or hit me.


Talia: 'In the beginning mom didn't do anything,but didn't take long
before she started to verbally abuse me telling me how much of a mistake I am, she regretted giving birth to me, how I were ruining her life, and 1were the reason she lost dad because he didn't want a daughter.

Talia: 'From the years of me being 6-9 they all were beating me, starving me, name calling me a lot of stuff, telling me their life wouldjust be better off if I just died. I were only allowed to eat their leftovers once a week during these years. And they never wanted to hear a single word or any noise from me. And I was not allowed to smile.

I heard a lot of people crying in the room, even Theo's and Nico's friends.


Talia: 'When I were 9 years old I had to start working because Gregor said they barely could make ends meet and his daughter shouldn't have to work so it was up tó me. I got a job at Dina's ranch and honestly that was my salvation! They took care of me and taught me so many things. I was able to be myself with Dina and Michelle. They started to treat me like a baby sister and daughter. They feed me when i were there. And with them I could talk, laugh,sing and just truly live.

I saw Dina pulled Lia tighter, hugging her I could hear he were crying,and Lia turned around and hold him tightly just letting him cry it out.

I saw Dominic console his twin sister and Niklay console Maria. I saw Santiago console his sister Olivia.

The husband's console their wifes. All the guys here in the room were shedding tears for Lia's story.

Me and my guys is also amongst them!

I still can't believe someone could treat someone this way and I know the worst of the story haven't êven been said yet.
And I think it was a good idea of Thomas to say we needed to get this over with first then listen to her music take away all of pain after.
###Chapter 81.

Dina's pov.

I'm beyond happy finally have my sweet Talia back into my life.

She truly is like a daughter to me, but since I'm only 15 years older than Talia we figured I were to young to be like a father, but also too old to be sibling so we settled with that I am like a father/brother to her.

She is the sweetest girl I have ever meet, and I'm can't express how good it is to see her,and hold her again!


But now reading how her life was before she came to work at my ranch 1can't believe I never noticed it before.

It broke my heart and I couldn't help it I just crying hugging her tightly.

Hearing how I were her salvation!

Had I known this I had taken her with us when we started to work for Dominic.


"Talia, my sweet baby girl, if you had told us how bad your home life was we would have kept you at the ranch and not let you go home to those people, and we would have taken you with us when we started to work for Dominic" I said pulling away from the hug and she cupped my cheeks and wiped my tears with her thumbs.

Then she started to type again.

Talia: 'First I didn't want to create any problem for you and for the people backing Gregor. And I didn't want to burden you with my problems! You and Michelle helped me more than I could ever ask for. I didn't want to
become a liability for you two!'

"Oh baby!" I said hugging her tightly again.

I pulled away so she could continue.

So I gave her a nod and she understood, she smiled to methen she kept tapping on her phone.

Talia: 'As I said working with Dina and Michelle saved me and they was the ones that taught me proper love and care. They also taught me the be a badass at the same time as speaking italian, spanish, russian, german.japanese and chinese. Dina brought me with him sometimes when he had to fly some people in his private plane and sometimes he let me at the age of 11 fly the plane solo the entire time. He helped me master karate.taekwondo, muay thai, judo, jiu-jitsu as well as boxing.

You could hear a lot of gasps around the room and me. Michelle and Talia just smirked at each other.

"Bambina is a master in all those different fighting styles?" Dante asked shocked.


And the three of us just smiled and nodded.

"Don't forget that she flew solo at the age of 11, she were not kidding saying how she could have kicked our asses and hijack the plane when we got her home from Seattle" her guard Jack said shocked.

Me, Michelle and Talia started to laugh which made everyone smile brightly.

"She is laughing" Josefine said smiled brightly and wiped a tear from her eyes.
"We have only heard her laugh onee but not like this, this to a true bully laugh and man it sure is a sweet laugh ever" Nico sald wiping his tear9 aN well.

Talia just smiled and shook her head then held up the phone. I guess asking if she should continue and the rest nodded.

And she started to tap on her phone again.

Talia:'First of Dante.yes I have mastered all those arts so you should be happy you have come around ;-) Cole and Zach be happyI went easy on you two ;-) And Jack yes I truly could have hijacked the plane, landed in a place none would ever find me ever again.

That made laughter spread again.

Talia: 'Dina also taught me how to use any kind of weapon, and I have to say I'm pretty decent with them all!

"Decent?" I asked shocked and she smiled at me sheepish and shrugged her shoulder.

"You even surpassed we with the weapon mastery!" I said shocked.

"Wait, wait, wait, she is better than you?" Dominic asked surprised and 1looked at him and nodded with a big smile.


"She is the best there is!" I said looking proud at my sweet baby on my lup.

Talia: 'Well when I have properly healed we can see if I have lost my touch!?'


"Healed?" I asked worried and she smiled and nodded.

"I guess you will come to that a bit later in your story?" I asked and she
nodded.

"Okay please continue!" I said and she started to tap on her phone again.

Talia: 'I was with Dina and Michelle every day from the age of 9-13 and when I was working there. I wasn't allowed to eat at home, but that were okay with me because Dina always made sure I never left from their place hungry xD'

This earned some chuckle around in theroom.

Talia:'But after Dina and Michelle moved away for a new job.I didn't have another escape from the hell Icalled my home. The day Dina and Michelle moved were the last day I spoke to people. Sine I got it beaten into me literally that I should never make a sound. Scarlette med her friends bully me at school and if I made a little noise from that she would tell Gregor when we got home and I would get a beating.

Talia: 'After Dina moved away the beating also got worse, Gregore didn't have anyone to worry about would see it so he started to use tools after that. If I made a noise, smiled or even cried I would get a beating.If I yelped in pain during the beating it would just be intensified. I were not allowed to cry during the beating or it would make it worse.


I pulled Talia closer to me again and just hold her tight letting her continue her tapping I just need to feel her close to me, I can't believe she have been living such a shitty life.


Talia: 'I have been slashed, stabbed and even shot multiple tíme.He.Scarlette and mom always made sure it was only on my stomach and back so Gregor could dress me up in some slutty dressed when he took me to his friends in the Irish mafia, he used to 'sell' my body to them to get favors and to Cillian to get higher up in the mafia.
I felt all my blood drain from my body, the air leaving my lungs and heart sink to the bottom of my stomach.

No, no, no, no not my sweet Talia. "Oh baby" I pulled her into another hug and I felt a new round of tears flooding my face.
###Chapter 82.

Dina's pov.

I heard more people break down crying, not only the ladies in the room.

Talia just hold around me as caress my head.

She know I just need to let it out, I also felt my wife seeking comfort in me and Talia so we both put an arm each around Michelle.

After another 5 minute we all had calmed down and Talia started tapping on her phone again.

Talia: 'I also had to be absolutely quiet when they had their way with me.sometimes when we came to 'visit' Cillian and he saw I had a new bruise or wound he asked Gregor what happen and he always lied saying it were because I had thrown myself at someone at school and he needed to teach me a lesson and that ended with Cillian also had to teach me who I belonged to so he wasn't holding back when he had his fun with me.

Talia: 'So from the years between I was 13 years old till I ran away 3weeks ago today I always had to be silent, when I cleaned the house I had to be silent, if I took away their dinner and if I accidently made a noise with the plate I got a beating. And that was what happened the day I wanted to run away. I had already packed a backpack with the few things I had gotten from Dina and Michelle. Those was my most valuable items so the only things I needed. I had been able to sneak away a little money here and there and my plan was to get to the city to take a buss somewhere and hope they never would find me.


Talia: 'But after the beating I had gotten that day, I had 3 broken ribs,a sprain and hairline fracture to my left arm and right femur. I had run
from my house in the outskirt of Seattle and gotten to the city. When 1was about to pass out that's how I meet Kayden, Jacob and Linda, They right away treated me like a daughter and Kayden took good care of me.They was with me the 5 and a half day at the hospital before Leon came to get me here.

Talia: 'I got here friday 2 weeks ago. Then on tuesday week after I accidently got a hard punch to the stomach, then last friday I got tossed in the pool and a little later I started to throw up blood. That's when Leon and Jacob got Caleb and the two nurse that watched over me at the hospital to come here, they fixes the damage done together with my three medic brother. They have also said my heart stopped 2 times during the surgery but now I'm all good I just need to let the injuries properly heal:-D<3

After she sent the last message she just leaned into my eyes indicating she were done with her story.

And I'm at a loss for words. "Honey, may we see your scars?" Michelle asked Talia carefully, Talia nodded and stood up and walked out from the living room.

I saw Kayden and his friends followed Talia. And of course Zeus and Hades followed after.


"Wow, I seriously don't know what to say!" Santiago said and we all just nodded.


"She look just so happy, like nothing bad have ever happen to her"Simone said sadly.

"She don't like to bring people down and she don't like pity, so just know she is not sharing this to get pity from you, more for you guys to have an
understanding for why she is like how she is. When it comes to her food.she is eating more and more each day. She smile a lot and she have started to let out chuckles here and there and today a good laugh. She is getting better we just need to give her time!" Theo said looking at all of us and we all nodded.


Not long after did Kayden walk in and his friends then I saw Zeus and Hades standing beside one of the guy I think his name is Kai and he walked in front of them all with Talia in his arms.


I saw she had on a purple sports bra and some purple sleeping shorts.

She nodded and Kai put her down gently and Talia walked in and Zeus and Hades followed Talia.


Talia motioned for them to go and lay down and they did.

And Talia walked closer to Michelle and we could clearly see so many scars on her body.

I stood up on my feet and walked over to Talia with tears in my eyes.

"Oh dorogoy, what have they done to you?" I asked choking on my tears.

I looked at her stomach I saw she still have stitches on her stomach that's probably from the surgery she talked about.

Then I moved around too look at her back and it were filled with scars.

You could see scars from slashing, stab and gunshot.

They are all from under her shoulder bones to her waist. She also have some remaining bruises.

Dominic, Niklay, Liam, Simone, Maria, Elena, Santiago, Olivia and
Alejandro also looked at her body, as well as 'Theo's and Nico's friends.

One by one pulled her into a hug.

After we all had hugged her, Thomas spoke up.

"I know I don't need to say this but I will say it anyway, what Talia have shared here with us alI remain in this house and we will not talk about it outside of this house!" he said sternly and everyone in the room nodded.


"Now I think we need some sweet music to lift away the negative feelings we all feel bambina, do you wanna play the piano for us?" Leon said walking up to hug her and she hug him back with a smile and nod then walk over to the piano in the living room.

Talia:'Any special request?

She asked in the group we are all in.

"Oh can you play 'Shallow'?" Simone asked and Talia smiled and nodded

(Shallow (Piano version)-The Chillest)

She started to play and we all just sat down watching Talia close her eyes and let the music flow out of her fingers.


We all just took in the wonderful piano playing and let it wash away all the negative feelings we have been feeling tonight after hearing her story.

And I just feel like beating myself, if I had known I would have taken her away from there.

People in the room kept giving her request and she were playing the piano for close to one hour.
But we all saw she started to get tired and I saw Arthur give Kayden and his friends a nod and they carefully walked up to Talia and she raised her arms so cutely to Kayden and he picked her up bridal style and she pretty quickly fell asleep before they were even out of the living room.
###Chapter 83.

Santiago's pov

I was so happy when we was done with the packing and then heading toward the Bianchi household.


I think it will do all our mafias some good all four of us under one roof.

It will definitely make our bonds closer, and in the dark world we live in with the mafia it's important to have reliable allies.

The four of us have always worked well together.

And when I got to see Talia again before the dinner started I was super happy!


I remember I even looked at her as a little sister when we were younger,she was even a bundle of joy back then.


We sat down and I saw she sat on Dinas lap with Michelle and Dominic on each side of them.


I think Dominic also feel a strong protectiveness over Talia.


I saw she didn't eat a lot but I'm sure we will get to hear about that when they will tell us the story about why she have become mute.


After we were done with dinner we got into the living room and we got added in a group together with everyone and Talia started to tell her story,and I have to see I struggled hard to keep my own tears at bay.


My little sister Olivia leaned into me to get comfort and I held her tightly letting her cry on my shoulder.
still be so joyful.

When she told us how badass she actually is and Dina confirmed it.I
dropped my jaw, this little girl have mastered all that in just 4 years.

Like how smart and talented is she?

Then she told us about how they beat her and abused her with tools.

I felt rage fill my body and I just can't wait till we can get our hands on them!


Then she tell us she have been raped repeatedly just for Gregor's benefit.

Some sick fucking people they are. And now I just thank god that she have been able to come home!


Here we all will keep her safe! And I'm glad they decided we should save the piano playing till after Talia had told her story because we need her music to calm down.


But before that when we got to see her body I lost my voice, it looks like her body have been used as a cutting board.

And a shooting target! I'm honestly surprised she is still alive.

After she had played the piano for an hour we all saw she was super tired and then Kayden and his friends walked over to her.


She so cutely lifted her arms up to Kayden and he quickly picked her up bridal style and it didn't take more than a few seconds before she was a sleep and they all walked out and of course Zeus and Hades followed Talia.
"Guess it's no longer your tiger Dom" I said chuckling and the rest chuckled with.


"Yeah I guess you are right but I don't mind, and Dina you said she trained them?" Dom asked looking over at Dina.

"Yes, she was there when they got born, help to nurse them because their mother died not long after. Then I don't know maybe they look at Talia as their mother, she took so good care of them and she trained them and they listen to all her commands." He explained looking at Dom with a smile.


"Guess that explain a little how they ignore my commands now that she is back in their life"Dom chuckled.


"Yeah but I'm sure if Talia order them to follow your commands they will,like if you need them for a mission or something!" Michelle said smiling.

"Leon, you said yesterday you all have gotten some valuable information about the Irish,how?" I asked looking over at Leon.

"Well it's actually the Millers that got it!" He explained and we all looked at Jacob.


"Honestly it's all thanks to Talia that we have it. After we got her to the hospital,we stayed with her, the next day at the hospital our guy had been trying to get her mother, step father and sister but they had ran away before our men got there. But Talia gave me the combination to Gregor's safe in his office and there we found a lot of information about their legal businesses, safe houses, warehouses and many other important things." he explained.

"We have all the information in one of the officers here and wanted to
walt for you guys to start going through it all." Arthor esplained and we nodded.


"We can start on that first thing in the morning," I saidand they nodded to that as well.

"By the way guys before we forget to mention it. Kayden and his friends are going to perform on a school concert next saturday, and Talia is helping they with this, I'm sure it will means a lot if you all will be able to make it as well, Talia is spending a lot of time helping them with this."Theo said.


"Of course you can count on the Ramirez to be there!" I said smiling to Theo.


"Same with the Volkov" Dom said smiling as well.

"We will be there as well" Dina said and Michelle nodded.

"Good, that's what they do from they get home till dinner, they have even told the guards not to let anyone close so I have a feeling they are working on something big!" Nico said happily.

"Well we will be there to support them!" I said with a smile and the rest of my family nodded.

"Same with the russian mafia" Dom sald.

"It's getting late guys we should all go to bed" Thomas said and we nodded.


"Can I just see Talla before we head to bed?" Dina asked carefully and Leon smirked
"Sure, and trust me it's a sight to behold" he said chuckling.

Then we stood up and headed up.

We all walked to wwhere two of Talia's guards stood guards and they all smirked at at.


Leon carefully opened the door then stepped away to let us all see.

And the sight in front of me was priceless.

Talia were laying on Kayden's chest.

Kai and Ezra on each side of Kayden hoIding around Talia, Carter lay between Talia and Kai holding around Talia, Levi between Ezra and Talia holding around Talia.

Then Zeus and Hades laying so they rest their heads on Talia's feets.

After we all got to see it. Leon closed the door.

"Oh my god, that's just too cute" Simone squealed silently and we all nodded.


"They are all so whipped by Talia it's crazy. But they all show they care about her more then anything so we'are fine with it" Arthur whispered with a smile and we all nodded with a smile then we all headed to bed too.
###Chapter 84.

Talia's pov.

Next morning we all got up and got ready for the day, we all ate breakfast then headed to school.

Classes went by quickly and then by the lunch we all were chilling in the cafeteria together.

I'm sitting on Declan's lap and just talking to my friends Camilla. Aurora.Austin. Jake, Luke and Even.

My guys sitting next to us as well as my brothers and their friends.

Suddenly Madison and her minions are walking over.

Everyone at the table let out a groan, and I couldn't help letting out a giggle which made everyone look at me with a big smile.


"Oh the slut do know how to make a sound!" Madison said in a fake happy surprised, and everyone at the table immediately started to radiate anger.


Ezra sitting next to me and Declan were about to stand up but I put my hand on his shoulder so he sat back down.


I just kept smiling sweetly and shook my head to the rest of the table.

"So how many of these guys did you fuck this weekend for all of them to follow you like this?" She asked smirking at me and I still just looked at her with a smile.


I could feel how Declan had tensed up with anger, and I saw everyone,
my guys, my friends, my brother and their friends were ready to kill. but 1won't let them keep fighting my battles.


I carefully stood up from Declan's lap and walked over to where Madison were standing.


"So you finally gonna talk to me?" Madison said smirking I just shook my head.


I picked up my notebook and started to write.

'You better get out of here, Nico said for you to leave everyone at this table alone. Means he never want to see you again and right now you are hurting all our eyes. No bleach will be enough to clean our eyes from your fakeness and all the guys here are scared of getting an std from just breathe the same air as you, so unless you want me to kick your ass to teach you a lesson you better turn that fake ass of yours around and calmnly leave us alone! <3'


I turned it around for her to read and hold it in front of my face and I heard she started to get pretty angry and I had to bite my lower lip hard not to let out a laugh.


"Who do you think you are bitch?" Madison asked me angry.

I lowered my notebook and turned it around to write under what I have just written.

'Sweetheart, I'm Talia Bianchi, thought you had learned that from now on but guess your brain can't process simple things'

I turned it around and gave her a sweet smile.

"Argh your stupid fucking bitch, I have had it with you!" Madison
screamed and took a grip of my arm hard.

I just look smiling between Madison and her hand on my arm.

I carefully put my notebook onthe table and saw everyone is ready to stand up but I carefully shook my head so they all relaxed a little.

I looked back at Madison with my innocent smile on mny face and raised an eyebrow watching what see will do next.

"Why the fuck did you have to come and ruin my life, I will just have to get rid of you!" She said in a menacing tone and I stilI kept smiling at her.

She started to dig her fake manicure nails into my arm and blood started to drip from my arm to the floor.

Madison smirked "oh look at that, what are you gonna do now?" she asked like she just won something by making me bleed a little.


I just kept smiling at her and then I gave her a wink with one eye before I took a grip of her arm with my free hand.

I twisted it around so she let go of my arm. I kept twisted it till I heard a satisfying 'crack' or a 'pop' sound and saw her shoulder got dislocated and she screamed.

I let go of her and she tried to punch me in the face with her good arm and I took a tiny little step to the side and she missed falling forward and I simply lifted my knee and hit her right in the chest and she fell backwards landing on her dislocated shoulder.

Her two minions helped her up but even they tried to hold back their laughter, then she ran out and when her two minions ran after her, they turned around smiled and gave me a wink and a thumbs up.
I just walked back to the table and sat down on Declan's lap and kept nibbling away on my sandwich but everyone looked at me in shook, then Kay took my hand she stabbed with her nails.

Kai came back with a first aid kit and the two of them kept cleaning my arm while I just kept eating my food.

I felt it when they started to clean it with disinfectant but I didn't show any sign of pain or discomfort.

"Wow, Talia that was something" Even said smirking, he were the first to break the silence.


I just smiled at him and shrugged my shoulders.

"Like I know you are badass and all, but you had her shoulder dislocated in just on simple move, you gotta teach me that one!" Axel said with a smirking shock and I just looked at him smiled and nodded taking another bite of my sandwich.


"Babe, we need to go to the nurse and see of you need stitches, she pressed her claws prettydeep and we have a hard time stopping the bleeding." Kayden said still focusing on my arm.

I just looked at him with a raised eyebrow and a 'don't exaggerate' look on my face.


Suddenly Declan is standing up lifting me bridal style I just look at him in shock.


"Better to be safe than sorry bambina" He said looking at me,and Kai kept a hold around my arm with some papers to not let blood fall everywhere.
"Argh" I let out and everyone looked at me shocksed and I just took another bite of my sandwich and we all made the way to the nurses office.

Nurse Blaine came out and the guys explained everything that happened and Nurse Blaine looked at my arm and I indeed need stitches two stitches for all five nails of Madison so totally 10.

Nurse Blaine asked if I needed local sedative I just shook my head and everyone looked at me as if I'm crazy.

My group of friends dropped their jaw to the floor.

And when Blaine stitched my arm. I would almost believe they were the ones getting stitches.

After that we went back to class and finished our school day as usual.
###Chapter 85.

Carter's pov.

What a weekend.

But all of us definitely feel closer to Lia after this weekend.


We have learned so much more of her backstory from before she came back home here and seeing her scars as well.


Seeing those scars broke my heart into a million pieces and reading a more elaborate explanation of her life before.


Also can not forget when she let us see her in her underwear and teasing Kayden by caressing over his boner like that.

It shows she is getting more comfortable.

Then hearing how Madison were talking to Lia and she just kept smiling like she wasn't bothered by it at all.

When I saw Madison pressed her nasty nails into her arm and blood started to flow out from it I was raging, but I also saw how Lia had it all under control.

She so quickly got her arm dislocated and then she hit her hard in her chest with her knee.


Then Lia just casually walked back to sit down on Declan's lap and like nothing happened she just started to eat her lunch while we all just looked at her in shock.


I saw Kayden and Kaiglook at her arm and even when they used
disinfectants on it she didn't acknowledge it like it wouldn't hurt like a motherfucker.


But guess that just show how much she have had to endure pain before.


Now we are on our way home, Kayden is driving and Lia is sitting in the passenger seat, me and Kai in the backseat.

Kayden is holding Lia's hand and caressing it.

"Babe, why didn't you let us handle the hoe?" Kayden asked looking between Lia and the road.


"Put it like this, if you guys would handle it, she would just stump away angry, this way she will think twice before coming up to insult me again for at least a while!" Lia said and shrugged her shoulders.


"I guess I can see where your coming from, but baby you got hurt, that still don't sit right with me!" I said looking at her arm worried.

She turned around looking at me with a smile on her face.

"This little scratch will heal in no time so don't worry about it anymore"she said giving me a wink.

I won't lie, she winking like this is a huge turn on.

"Okay so since your friends is joining us today love, we won't practice but I think it will be okay, we have come pretty far and all songs have been perfected. I'm getting super excited for saturday!" KKai said and we all nodded our heads in agreement.

"I'm both excited and super scared if I can be honest." Lia said looking out of the window.
"We understand baby, but know we all have your back! And we all befieve in you!" I said putting a hand on her shoulder and caressing it.

She lean her head on my hand.

"I know you do, but after this, everyone will know I talk again, sometimes it's exhausting to talk for long periods of time" she said with a low voice.

"Love I'm sure everyone will understand if you still want to make use of you notebook from time to time, you haven't talked for years, so it's understandable if suddenly talk alot will be exhausting!" Kai said his voice filled with love and understanding.

"Are you regretting agreeing to this babe?" Kayden asked worried.

"No not at all, and I'm sure you guys are right, I don't know, I guess the worry of talking openly to others then you, I'm just can't get rid of the trauma even though I know none of the people living in the Bianchi household our any of or friends will beat me for it, but the worry is still there you know!" she said looking out the window again.

"We all understand babe and we all will be there for you every step of the way!" Kayden said bringing her hand up to his lips to kiss it which made a smile spread on Lia's face.

Not long after that we reached home and parked the car.

We got out and waited for the rest to join us before we go inside.

Once all the brothers from school was home, their friends and all of Talia's friends, all of us we headed inside.

We got into the foyer and suddenly we heard some paws hitting the floor hard and fast.
"Oh, we probably forgot to mention something to you guys" I said looking at Lia's group of friends.


"What?" Even looked over at me but before I-could say anything two big ass tigers came running down the hallway straight towards Lia.

"ZEUS, HADES!" We heard Dominic yell but they kept running towards Lia.


Her friends started to scream like crazy and then Lia made a whistle sound putting two fingers in her mouth and they both stopped, sitting down but kept sliding on the marble floor and slided straight past us.


The rest of us just looked at them pass us and Lia carelessly walked into the living room and the rest of us followed her.


"Oh my god I actually got that on camera" Nico started to snicker and the rest of us started to laugh.


We sat down on the couches around then Zeus and Hades came walking happily into the living room and walked up to me and Lia who were sitting on my lap.


Then both of them put their head on Lia's thigh one oneach and she started to pet them and they started to make a soft puffing sound.

"Aww how cute, they are purring" Aurora said in awe but Lia shook her head then she took up her notebook.


'Tigers don't purr, same with lions, leopards and jaguars they do something called 'chuffing' and tigers usea chuff, a short,breathy snort,to express friendliness and social bonding, which is their equivalent of a purr.But will be theoretical wrong to call it a purr'
"Wow, I learned something new today!" Austin said shocked and we all laughed and Lia smiled and shook her head.

"You only learn something new when its Talia who explain it" Even said playfully push Austin head away.

"Well in my defence she is the only one that explain it in a way 1understand it!" Austin said shrugging his shoulders.

"Guess that's a straight A+ student for you" Kyle said smiling proud at Lia.

"Wait" I said shocked taking in what Kyle just said.

"Baby are you a straight A+ student?" I looked at her shock and she turned around and nod at me with a smile.

"Yeah she is, even the receptionist at school said so her first day at school when we went to get to get her schedule and locker and locker combination. She was the one saying she was so happy we had someone so academie smart at our school now." Declan said looking proud at his sister.
###Chapter 86

Levi's pov

We all just sitting here talking and chilling with all our friends and brothers.


Yes we do think of Lia's brothers as our brothers as well and now all their friends have become our friends same with Lia's friends.


We have become one big group that always hang out now during lunch.

This is the first time Lia's groups of friends is coming here though, but I think it will be the start of a new regular thing to do.

Now sitting here hearing how smart my baby is, say I'm shocked is an understatement.

"I think we have a new study partner from now on!" Nico said just as shocked and Lia just smile at her brother.


"Is this why you find classes so boring, looks like you are gonna fall asleep in every class?" Camilla ask her and Lia just nod and smile.

"Damn, I wish you could share some of your brain with me!" She whines.

"Tia?" we heard Dina call out.

And Lia made a whistle sound with her fingers again.

Then we see Dina and Dominic come in "Ahaa of course, there they vent!"Dominic said looking at his two tigers.

"I told you, the only reason they would run away like that meant Tia have come home!" Dina said looking at Lia.
Lia stood up from Carter's lap and ran over to Dina and he picked her up and hugged her tightly.

"Wait Talia what happened to you hand?" Dominic looked at her arm worried and took it and started to undo the bandage on it.

Lia just shrugged her shrugged her shoulders.

"Don't give me that it's nothing Tia what happen?" Dina asked looking at her sternly but Lia just smiled sheepishly.

"Guys what happened to Talia's arm? Why do it look like someone gripped her arms with claws?" Dominic asked angry.

"I'm sorry sir, but this girl at school said some mean things to Talia,her boyfriends and brothers wanted to handle her but Talia told them to stay in place. Then Talia stood up and after her and Talia exchanged some words the girl gripped her arm,and Talia still motioned for the guys to sit and it ended up with the girl press her manicure nails into Talia's arm.But in returned Talia dislocated her shoulder and Talia also kneed her in her chest when she tried to punch Talia, but Talia dodged it and kneed her in the chest. Then the girl got pulled away and Talia went back to eat her lunch. But that was when Kaydlen and Kai started to look at her arm and couldn't stop the bleeding so we went to the nurse office and the nurse sticked it" Camilla explained.


"And why didn't you let the guys handle it Tia? That way you wouldn't be hurt!" Dina said sternly.

"She said in the car that if she let us guys handle it the girl would just stumb angry away, this way she will think twice for a while before getting close to her"Carter explained, Dina and Dominic looked at Lia who looked at anything other than their faces.


I looked at my girl and she looked like she tried to avoid being scolded by her two big brothers.


"Tia look at me" Dina said sternly, I saw Lia let out a heavy sigh the she smiled sheepishly looking at Dina.

"You shouldn't put yourself in that position ever! What if she did else to you,you are stilI recovering!" Dina said sternly.

"Wow, it's just like hearing Leon when he heard she had been in some incident in the cafeteria her second day at school" Declan whispered and Theo, Nico. Cole. Zach. Henry and Paul nodded.


"Like damn, they are saying the exact same thing!" Theo snickered and they all nodded again.

"How I wish she would be talking right now I would been priceless" Nico whispered and again they nodded to each other.

"You know Tia, you need to be careful! We can't have anything happen to you!" Dominic said just as sternly.

Then Lia just kissed both their cheeks and they were smiling brightly.

"Please just be careful from now on dorogoy!" Dina said with a smile and Lia nodded with a smile


"No more fighting in school dorogoy!" Dominic said sternly but with a smile and Lia just nodded with a smile and they let her down.

Lia came back and sat on Carter's lap.

"Talia can you tell Zeus and Hades to follow my commands for a bit at
least?" Dominic asked scratching the back on his neck looking at Lia hopefully.


Lia snapped her fingers so the tigers looked at her then she looked them into their eyes and it were like they both made a little huff in annoyace but stood up and sat next to Dominic.


"Wow it worked!" Dominic looked surprised looking from Lia to his tigers by his feets.

"Well don't celebrate before you give them a command!" Dina said laughing.


"True" Dominic said looking down on the tigers. "Zeus, Hades front door!"he said in a stern voice and it were like they both let out another huff in annoyance but walked to the front door.

"Damn it truly did work, thank you so much dorogoy, we will head out for a bit, see you all at dinner, love you Talia stay safe!" Dominic said and walked out.


"See you later dorogoy, love you, enjoy your time with your friends" Dina said walking over to Lia and kissed her head and walked out.


"Don't tell me those two is also your boyfriends!?" Jake asked shocked and me, Kayden, Kai, Ezra and Carter all shouted "NO" in unison and Lia just smiled and shook her no.


"They are like big brothers to her!" Theo explained.

And they all nodded their head and the rest of the brothers just laughed as well as our other friends.

"How do you know them?" Austin asked curiously.
We all look at each other on how we should answer this and before we could come up with an answer Santiago came in to the living room.


"Mi amor! I have mnissed you!" Santiago said run up to Lia and pick her up and hug her tightly and Lia hug him tightly back.

"Did you have a great day at school niña?" He asked her and she nodded happily.

"Good to hear, I have to run out for a little and will be back by dinner, so you be safe and Te amo niña!" He said kissing her cheek before placing her back onto Carter's lap.

Jake, Even. Luke, Austin, Aurora and Camilla is looking at us with raised eyebrow. "No they are also not dating" Me, Kai, Kayden, Ezra and Carter said in unison and the rest of the people in the room started to die laughing.
###Chapter 87.

Kayden's pov

We kept sitting here talking for a while thenwe went to watch some movie before dinner.

Suddenly I hear my baby sister Sabrina shout after 'pretty'.

"SABRINA PRETTY IS IN THE CINEMA ROOM" I shouted and Lia sitting on my lap is just smiling shaking her head at me.

Suddenly Sabrina is coming running into the room "PRETTY, I HAVE MISSED YOUI" Sabi shouted happily seeing Lia.

Everyone in the room started to laugh and Ezra who is sitting next to me on my left, lifted Sabi on Talia's lap while she still sit on my lap.

"Pretty you have ouch on you arm?" She asked looking worried on Lia and Lia just smile and shook her head.


"Good! I don't want pretty hurting!" Sabi said hugging Lia and Lia just petting her hair and Sabi relaxing into her touches.

Lia were sitting comfortable on my lap sideways leaning her head against my chest and Sabi sitting on Lia's lap sideways for her so she leaning her back against my chest but leaning her head against Lia's chest and I rest my head on Lia's head.

After a while I notice they have both fallen sleep.

And when it's time for dinner none of us have the heart to wake them up.

After a while the grownup and elder brothers wonder why we don't come
to to dining room so they comes to check on us.

When they see me, Lia and Sabi like this everyone end up taking a million pictures.

"Okay I can be the big bad wolf that wakes they, Talia need to eat!" uncle Caleb said and walked over to us.


"Talía sweetheart, you need to wake up, it's dinner" he said in a soft voice,but Lia just ended up hugging Sabi closer.

"How can someone be this cute" Olivia squealed and I guess that did it.

Both Sabi and Lia shot up from my lap with a hand on their heart.

"Sissy Olivia that was so rude" Sabi looked at Olivia sternly.

"Oh honey, I am so sorry!" She said with a very apologetic voice.

"Pretty are you okay?" Sabi walked over to Lia and hold around her leg and Lia nodded with a smile looking down on Sabi and held her hand out for her to grab it and she did.

Then we all walked into the dining room.

When Sabi let go of Lia's hand thats when everyone pick Lia up to hug and kiss her.


Lia's group of friends found this incredible amusing.

And after that they started to fight for who were gonna have Lia on their lap for dinner.


And my father were the winner today. Lia's friends must have a billion question from all of this.
We all sat down and Miranda came with the food together with her helpers and we all started to eat.

At first the dinner went pretty great but that was until grandpa Thomas saw Lia's arm.

"Principessa?" He said and Lia looked at him with a smile.


"What happened to you arm?" he asked sternly and Lia's eyes widened as well as all of us.

"Talia tell me, WHO HURT YOU!?" He said more angry now.

"NO ONE IS GETTING AWAY HURTING THE ITALIAN, AMERICAN,MEXICAN,BRITAIN AND RUSSIAN MAFIA PRINCESS!!!" He shouted standing up and we all looked worried at our friends that don't have any acknowledgement of us being in the mafia.

And it ended with Lia facepalm her face.

She looked over at Jack who had her notebook and he stood up walking over with it.


Then he walked back to his seat.

'First papa, it were a girl at school giving me a hard time, I told the guys I would handle it myself and I did, she put her claws in my arms so they got pressed in pretty deep. BUT I dislocated her shoulder belonging to the arm that hold me, I also kneed her hard in her chest. And second my friends didn't know we are in the mafia so now you better help us explain it!'

Lia showed it and grandpa Thomas and his face went pale.
He cleared his throat and took a deep breath and sat down.

"I'm happy to see you settled the matter yourself bambina" He said with a smile.


Then he looked over at Lia's group of friends that looked super shocked.

"And for you for you 6, I'm sorry I blurted that like that, it's not my place to share that secret with you, but now that I have I will try my hardest to explain it to you if you have any questions!" he said and they nodded.

"Well, so we take it that everyone here belong to the mafia's previously mentioned?" Luke asked careful and we all nodded.


"Even Talia?" Camilla asked shocked.

"Yes, the Bianchi family is the leaders of both the Italian and American mafia. The Miller family is the leaders ofthe British mafia. The Volkov is the leaders of the Russian mafia and the Ramirez is the leaders of the Mexican mafia. And all of us consider each other family. And everyone especially value Talia so we consider her a princess of all the mafias."Grandpa Thomas explained.

"Is that the reason why Talia have been gone from the Bianchi family for so many years?" Austin asked carefully.

"Yes and no but that is not my secret to tell" he answered.

"I do hope you guys won't think of Talia and the rest of the kids you go to school with here less, just because they belong to the mafia, it don't change who they are as the people you guys have gotten to know!" mom said looking at them.

"We won't stop being friends with them! We like them for the people they
ans and the mafta don't define them" Aurora said and I saw Lis ler out a chup breath. I think we all did to be honest.

After that they asked a few more questions and then dinner continue as nothing happened and after dinner we went to the cinema room again.

"May we know the reason you have been away from your family for so many years, like what happened to you, was it to keep you safe from the mafia life or what?" Even asked carefully looking at Lia.

Lia looked at them one by one then she found her phone, she did something on her phone then she came and sat down on my lap.

We all looked how they read on Lia's phone, we saw tears form in their eyes and how Camilla and Aurora broke down crying. Jake held around his twin Camilla and Even held around Aurora while they all kept reading.

When they were done reading they all had tears streaming down their face and Luke lifted Lia out of my arms and hugged her tightly and the rest of her friends group hugged her tightly while she still was in Luke's arms.
###Chapter 88.

Talia's pov.

I'm just so happy that my friends didn't end up running the hell out of here.

But they have accepted that we are a part of the mafia and when they read my story they all broke down crying and hugged me for a long time after.

After that we ended up watching a few movies then my friends headed home and me and the guys went to bed.

While I took a quick shower, the guys went to Kay's to take a shower as well.

They came back when I were just sitting in a towel wrapped around me and Elaina are blow drying hair.

They sat down in the seating area I have in the room and when Elaina had braided my hair how I like to have it when I sleep, Emma asked if I would fine clothes to sleep in our if she should do it, I told them I could do it myself and that they could turn in for the night so they walked out saying goodnight to us all.

I then stood up walking into my walking closet but I left my door open so I could talk to my guys.

"You guys are pretty quiet is everything okay with you all?" I asked my guys from my closet.

Then Kayden walked into the closet hugging me from behind while I look through my sleeping shorts for one I want on still just standing in just the
towel.

"Babe you drive us crazy" he whispered in my ear and started to kiss my neck and kissed his way to my sweet spot on my neck.

He gently sucked on it and a soft moan left my mouth.

"You have no idea how much and how badly we all want you! And you make it hard for us control ourselves around you!" Kayden whispered pulling me closer to him and I could feel just how turned on he is.

"I think I have a little idea" I smirking looking up behind me to look him in his eyes.


He quickly turned me around and lifted me up, so I have my legs around his waist and arms around his neck and he walked out of the closet while kissing me passionately.

He gently sat down on the bed with me straddle him still kissing me and the kiss grew more heated by the second. I put my hands up in his hair and gently tugged on it making him groan against my lips.

He slowly pulled his hands down my back towards my ass that were still covered by the towel.

He gave my ass a squeeze with both his hands at the same time as he pulled me closer to him and his boner in his shorts hit my pussy just right and another moan left me against his lips.

He pulled one of his hands up to my neck and gently pulled my head to one side and started to kiss down my neck again.

"Do you trust me babe?" he whispered against my neck. '′′Ys′′1whispered out, he made my body feel so good right now.
"You know I would never do anything to hurt you right!" he whispered still kissing my neck and made his way back up to my lips

"Yes, I know" I whisper looking him in his eyes.

"Will you be okay with me showing you how much I love you?" he whispered caressing my cheek.

I looked him deep inns his eves and I saw nothing but pure love and need for me.


"I trust you Kaydent" I whispered bofore kissing him again and he gontly lifted me up still kissing me and pur me on my back in the bed.

"Please tell me to stop if you need me to, but t promise you, I never wanna do anything to hurs you. t love you Talia!" ho whispered fooking into my eyes.

"I will and I know" I whispered looking into his ayas.

He gently undid the towel and I tried to cover myself with my arme bur he gently pulled my arms away from my body and he looked over my entire body then back into my eyes.


"Babe you are beauriful! You don't need to hide your gorgmous bedy from me or any of us!" be said then leaned down ineing my lipw again.


Then he kissed down my neck and gently kinsed my sweet apor making me moan.

Then he left open mouth kiaae towardas my buobs, suddenly I felr hsis mouth on my of my boobs sucking on is and3.his hand massaging the other whih varted more moans from me.
He left open mouth kisses from one boob to the other and sucked on that and massaged the other.

I couldn't help the moans leaving my mouth and my pussy started to throb in need for attention.

Suddenly Kayden started to kiss me down my stomach, then I felt a kiss on my pussy lips before his tongue spit my folds and a gaspe left my mouth together with another moan.

I felt his tongue deep inside my pussy before he started to suck on my clit while massage one of my boobs with his hands and I then felt he moved one finger inside my pussy and I felt myself tense up.

"Shush babe it's okay relax, I got you, and I won't hurt you! Please trust me!" I heard Kayden whisper and I relaxed.

"There you go, that's my baby girl!" he whispered and started to lick and suck on my clit again as, massage my boob and slowly move his finger in and out of my pussy.

Eventually he added another.

I couldn't hold in the moans, he made me feel so good!

"Fuck babe, you are so tight for us!" he whispered and after a little he added a third finger.

I felt myself close to cum undone. "Let it go babe, give it all to me!" he whispered and didn't take long before I moaned his name and cum all over his hand, and he licked up all my julces.

When I were landing from cloud nine he came up to me kissing my lips,and I could taste myself on his lips.
"Do you think you are ready for the next part babe?" he asked in a soft voice filled with so much love and a loving smile on his handsome face.

"Yes, I want you Kayden I want to feel all of you!" I whispered looking into his eyes that hold so much love for me.

"Are you sure?" he whispered caressing my cheek with one of his hands.

"Yes my love I'm sure!" I whispered back smiling up at him.
###Chapter 89.

Kayden's pov

Walking in seeing my dream girl in just her towel had me shocked and super turned on.

After Elaina and Emma left I saw Lia go into her closet and she asked why we were so quiet I couldn't stop myself.

I got in there and I kissed and after a while bringing her out.

Then I asked if she trusted me. I truly couldn't hold back anymore I need this girl.

I want to please her in every way possible.

When she let me taste her and play with her and she cum undone for me I were so happy.

And when she said she wanted to feel all of me, my heart skipped a beat.

I pulled down my shorts and boxers and place the tip of my rock hard dick at the entrance and looked back at her, and she looked back at me with so much love and need in her sparkling ivy purple eyes.

I slowly made my way inside her and fuck she feel so good, and she is so damn tight.

I leaned down kissing her. "Relax baby I will be careful I promise!" I whispered kissing her and I felt she relaxing a bit and I made my way deeper in her.

She moaned against my dips and man how I love her moans, they are
truly music for my soul.

I slowly moved in and out of her, I don't want to rush it.

I want her to feel all the love I have for her.

I want and need this to be nothing but pleasure for her.

It's her first time she want it and agree to it!

I want her to feel how to make love.


I felt her hands around my neck and her hands made its way up in my hair.


I looked down on her and seeing she looking up at me threw her thick lashes, her mouth slightly open letting out a moan when I make way back in her.


Fuck how can she manage to turn me on even more? She already have me rock hard for her.


I went a little faster but still took it easy and leaned down to kiss her again.


I explored her mouth and she moaned against mine.

She is not gonna make me last long like this.


I held around her shoulders with one hand and held around one of her thighs with the other.


I kissed down her jaw to her neck again making my way to her sweet spot on her neck gently sucking on it.
"Mmmm Kayden" she moaned and I felt she is close to cum again with how her pussy is starting to hug my dick.

I still going slow but I go deeper so sheis taking all of me and she gasp and moan.


I suck on her sweet spot and I feel how she cum all over my dick moaning my name and I help her ride out her orgasem and at the same time pushing myself over the edge.

I gently held her in my arms letting us catch our breath and then I leaned down kissing her.

"I truly love you babe!" I whispered looking into her eyes and she smiled so brightly back up at me and put one hand on my cheek.

"I truly love you too Kayden, thank you that were amazing!" she whispered and I couldn't help my to kiss her again, and my heart skipped a beat.


She is so amazing.

"Let me help you clean up then we can go to sleep!" I whispered and she nodded.


I slowly pulled out of her. I know she must be sensitive down there right now.

When I wereout I picked her up and walked us into the bathroom and into the shower.

I gently put her down still holding an arm around her, feeling how her legs were shaking.
I guess it must have been her first real orgasme. I took on the water and helped her clean her body.

"You want me to call in one of the guys to help you get dressed for bed,you are still very shaky on you legs babe?" I asked her gently giving her a sweet kiss on her lips and she nodded.

"Do one of you mind coming in here?" I asked a little louder, and we could then hear the shuffle out there, then Kai made his way in the bathroom with a bright smile on his face.


"Mind helping our girl dry up and get dressed for bed, so I can clean myself real quick as well?" Iasked him.

"Of course I can help you my love!" Kai said smiling lovingly to Lia.

She tried to walk out of the shower but due to her shaky legs she struggled and Kai ran up to her before she fell with a towel in his hands.

He held her with one hand while using his other to dry her off.

Then he carried her into her closet and I quickly cleaned my body and dried myself off, gotout with the towel around my waist and put on my short and boxer from earlier.


Kai came out carrying Lia in his arms bridal style and she had gotten on some pj shorts and a t-shirt.

Then we all got in bed, the guys had changed the sheet of the bed while I was in the bathroom with Lia.


Kai put Lia in bed, and I got behind Lia so she could rest her back against my chest and I started to massage her shoulders, Kai her left arm and hand. Levi her right, Carter her left leg and foot and Ezra her right.
Didn't take long until she were sound asleep.

"Wow that sure was a beautiful sight I won't forget!" Kai whisper looking at Lia with so much love!


"You performed perfectly, truly making sure she was feeling safe and secure, I don't think anyone of us could have done that any better!" Carter whisper also looking at Lia with so much love and affection in his eyes.

"It were perfect, and damn she looked so gorgeous!" Ezra whispered with so much love in his voice.


"Truly, it were nothing but perfect, and I can't believe this gorgeous girl is all ous!" Levi whispered and kissed her hand he were still massaging.

"She sure is perfect, and honestly I havé never felt anyone better than her!"I whisper kissing her head.


"I'm proud of her, she did so amazing!" I whispered proudly hugging her tightly to my chest.

Then we all laid down and not long after we all let sleep take us, burning the sweet memory of tonight into our minds.


It truly was the best sex I had ever had, and I could not be happier.
###Chapter 90.

Talia's pov

The next morning I felt this happy feeling inside me.

Like nothing could bring me down today.

I open my eyes feeling Kayden kissing my temple gently.

"Babe, you gotta wake up, we have to get ready for school." he said in a soft voice.


I turned my head to the side and he kissed my mouth gentle.

"Elaina and Emma is here to help you get ready for school" he said with is soft voice and I smiled and nodded.


All my five guys gave me some sweet good morning kisses and then they left my room for me to get ready for the day and they get ready themselves.


"Did you have a good sleep sweetheart?" Elaina asked in her soft motherly voice she always use for me and I smiled at her and nodded.


I then pointed to her asking if she did as well.

"I had a great sleep as well thank you sweetheart you are so kind for asking" Elaina said kissing my head.

And I just smiled at her brightly.

I made my way into the bathroom to take a shower, and I were thinking about yesterday night with Kayden.
It sure were amazing and he made me feel so good!


And then just standing in the shower with him, that were special for me just that and maybe we can start make that into a regular thing, instead of them going back to Kayden's room to shower every morning and evening.


I got out of the shower and dried myself off and did my skin care routine.brushed my teeth and used the toilet then washed my hands.


Then I got out to Elaina and Emma in the bedroom.


I sat down on my chair by the vanity and Elaina started to blow dry by hair.


While Emma started to put on makeup.

Today Elaina left my hair loose just putting some gentle waves in them.

Emma then found my clothes for the day.

While Emma were finding my clothes I tap on my phone.


'Maybe you guys can move Kayden's and the rest of the guys clothes in here? That way they don't have to constantly go backto Kayden's room to get ready for the day and bed.


Elaina read it then she smirked at me. "Sure honey we will do that while you guys are at school" she said with a wide smile.


Then Emma came out of the closet and read my message.


"So your kinda saying we don't need to wake you up in the morning just come a little after to help you with your hair and makeup?" Emma asked with a smirk and I blushed a little but nodded.
"Okay, we can do that, and I'm so happy things are going so well with all of you guys!" Elaina said giving me a good motherly hug.


Then I got dressed, and today I put on a baby blue skirt that reached down to the middle of my thighs, I also had a very short white shorts under, then I had a blue tube top and a white cardigan, finished the look with light blue and white sneakers.


Got on my heart shape diamond necklace and the bracelet from the guys.

Then I headed out and as always my guards gave me a good morning hug and told me I looked great.


I pointed to Kayden's door asking if they are still in there and Alan nodded so I knocked on the door.


"Come in" I heard Kayden's voice, so I got in and closed the door behind me.


When I turned around all of them looked at me with a bright smile on their face and all still shirtless just having their jeans and socks on.

I took in all their sexiness and couldn't help but blush.

I walked straight into this one again.

But I didn't look away this time, instead I walked up to them and kissed them one by one and sat on Kayden's bed.

"I have thought about something" I said looking at my guys that started to put on what shirts or t-shirts they were gonna have on for the day.

"And what's that Baby?" Carter asked walking over to me pulling me into a hug. "Well I hope you guys are okay with it, because I have already
made Elaina and Emma fix it when we are at school" I said looking at them all.

"I'm sure we will be fine with it Amore" Levi said walking up to me pulling me gently out of Carter's arms.


"Well I told them to move your clothes and stuff into my room so you guys don't need to go back here every morning and night to have a shower."I said shyly.


When I didn't get a response. I looked out at them worried they didn't like the idea, but they all had a bright smile on their face.

"None of us have any problem with that Tesoro" Ezra said still smiling brightly and lifted me up hugging me tightly and gave me a soft gentle kiss on my lips.


"We were actually talking about suggesting it for you as well Love" Kai said gently taking me out out Levi's arms, hugging me as well and kissed my lips.


"Good, Elaina and Emma won't come wake us up, instead they will come a bit later to help me with my hair and makeup" I said looking into Kai's eyes.


"So that means Babe that we will be able to shower together in the morning huh?" Kayden said with a smirk on his face and I smiled at him.


"Yes, if you guys don't mind?" I said when he lifted me out of Kai's arm hugging me tightly.


"Definitely don't mind babe! I loved our little time in theshower yesterday"Kayden said holding me so I were only sitting on one of his arms and he nut a hand on my cheek.
"Yeah me too, andI would love to make yesterday a regular thing!" I said with a wink and he smiled even brighter.


"You sure were amazing last night babe and I'm glad you liked it!"Kayden said smiling.

I cupped his cheek, "Babe I didn't like it, I loved it, thank you for making it so good! I'm used to just be a means to an end when it comes to sex but you changed that!" I said with a sweet smile and looking him deep into his eyes.


"I'm happy to hear that babe, and we all love you so much and always want you to feel good and happy, we all want you to feel appreciated,you are no means to an end for us babe, you are our life, and our heart's beat for you!" Kayden said with so much sincerity.

"I know, and you all makes me feel that every day! Thank you, all five of you for being my guys, I couldn't ask for anyone better then you all"I said looking at all my guys who were smiling brightly at me.
###Chapter 91.

Kai's pov.

Seeing Lia and Kayden yesterday, man was that hot.

She lookedso good, and her sounds, oh my god.

I can't wait to be with her myself, and I would never think that I would find it a turn on seeing the girl of my dreams having sex with someone else but I'm not gonna lie I did come in my boxer yesterday from seeing her with Kayden.

Now hearing how she want us to move into her room with all our stuff, it makes me beyond happy.

I know we have slept there since our first night here but we have always walked out in the morning for a shower in Kayden's room and her maids always help her during night and morning.

Now that may change and I can't wvait for what the future have in store for us.

And seeing her in that blue skirt and a tube top that's hugging her curves,I can't express just how happy I am that this girl in ours!

We walked down to the dining room and Kayden just kept carry her on his arm, when we entered Zeus and Hades ran up to Kayden waiting to say good morning to Lia.

Kayden put her gently downand she started to pet them and they started to do this 'chuffing' thing Lia told us about yesterday.

It's pretty cute how they do that and only around Lia as I have noticed.
After she petted them a while she gave everyone a good morning hug and sat down on her dad's lap for break fast.

We started to eat and everyone just enjoyed the food and the conversations around the room.

Soon we were off to school, today I'm driving and holding Lia's hand on her thigh in the passenger seat.

We alI just talking and enjoying our time with our baby before we won't hear her sweet voice for some hours.


We got to school and we said goodbye to her and she went with Carter,her brothers and met up with our friends in her classes.

During school I couldn't get the sight of Lia from yesterday out of my mind.


Hours went by quickly and we headed for the cafeteria.

We got our lunch and Kayden got lunch for Lia as well then we sat down with our new gang of people.


And when Lia came walking into the cafeteria with Carter,Declan,Theo,Kyle,Camilla.Jake, Austin and Aurora a big smile grew on my face.

They walked over to us and Lia sat down on my lap and I just hugged her tightly resting my head on her head for a little.

"Love I have missed you!" I said in a low soft voice.

She smiled brightly up at me and pointed at her then me.

I kissed her cheek and Kgyden gave her the chicken salad he got for her


1	-
We have tried to tell her not to do that to us but she won't stop.

She just smiled up at Kayden who gave her a sweet peak on her lips and then she started to enjoy her salad.

It were pretty lively in the cafeteria today, some player from our football team were messing around with a football and when Lia went up to toss the trash someone accidently shoot it her way.

They shouted for her to move out of the way so that caught our ears.


We looked how the ball were flying fast her way,she just stood there like a deer in a headlight then when the ball got close she just knee it so it flew straight up and she had time to toss the trash before she just gently caught it in her hands and nodded her head towards the guys asking if they wanted it back and they nodded at that.

She tossed the ball up in the air and jumped up in the air herself and did a little turn in the air kicking the ball straight back at the guys.

She hit one of the guys straight in his chest, he were gonna try to bump the ball but he ended getting his air knocked out of him.

Lia covered her mouth and ran over there.

"Wow Talia, how hard did you kick that?" Sander the guy that got hit in the chest asked shocked.


She pulled out her phone tapping on it and turned it around for them to read.


"No, no it's all good and it were our fault for accidentally shoot it at you,but you sure have some strength in you, you should consider try out for our football team" Leroy said wwith a bright smile!
She smiled and shook her head. And started to walk towards us again.

"Levi, Kai, Kayden get your girlfriend to join our football team,she is a strong one" Sander shouted and everyone at the table looked shocked at Lia when she came back and she just smiled like nothing happened at all.

"Yo Talia, how are you in basketball?" Brent from the basketball team asked her across the cafeteria. Then Jamie came running up with a basketball in his hand.

"Try and shoot from here and we will see how good you are" he said with a bright smile handing the basketball to Lia.

"Jamie, what are you guys doing?" Theo asked standing up.

Lia had already taken the ball and walked over to where Jamie had told her to shoot from.


"Bambina you don't need to do this" Theo said walking up to his twin.

Lia position herself like she would shoot a three pointer and Brent stood so far away from her, it's like more than half court in a basketball court.

Lia jumped and shot the ball, the ball had such a high curve it almost hit the ceiling and before the ball landed Lia were back on my lap, the rest of us just looked at the ball that was still hanging in the air.

When it hit Brent on top of his head the whole cafeteria bursted out laughing and our stable just looked shocked at Lia who just sat on my lap playing with her necklace.

"Wow, bambina why have you never told us you have played basketball?"Theo asked shocked walking back to his seat.
She put out her phone and sent it in a group message we have gotten everyone in. Like her brothers their friends, us and Lia's friends.

'I have never played football or basketball other than PE'

"What I don't believe that! That was a perfect shot!" Benjamin Theo's friend said shocked.

"Well at this point I'm not even shocked, because everything she do,she do it perfectly" Nico said shocked yet trying to play it nonchalant.

"Maybe you should try out for both and see if you like it?" Axel also Theo's friend suggested with a smile.


"First she need to heal properly before she try out for anything!" Kayden said sternly and everyone nodded at that.

We relaxed rest of the lunch break and then headed back to our classes.
###Chapter 92.
Talia's pov.
After school, my friends came home with us, but we told them we would be busy until dinner. They said they didn't mind and could just hang out with my brothers and their friends.
So, me and my guys headed up to the music room to go over the songs we are going to sing, practicing them and making a few changes here and there. When Charlie said it was time for dinner, we all headed down and joined the rest of the group.
My friends find it very amusing how everyone always wants to hug me, fight to have me on their lap, or even fight for my leftovers. Today, I ended up on my friend Luke's lap, and Santiago managed to snag my leftovers.
After dinner, we went to the cinema room. While the others watched movies, I decided to focus on my homework.
"Guess we are seriously slacking academically—no wonder she is an A+ student!" Evan whispered, but not low enough. I just looked at him with a smile and shook my head. I pointed at my brain, gave a thumbs up, then pointed at him and made a zero with my hand.
"Wow, did I just get roasted?" Evan asked, shocked, and everyone laughed so hard. I just smirked at him and looked back at my book while sitting on Ezra's lap. I was doing math, and I never needed a calculator.
"How in the world are you able to do these equations without a calculator?" Ezra asked, sounding stunned. Again, I just pointed at my brain. Just then, Dina and Michelle walked into the room to join us.
"I don't know if you guys know this, but Tia has a hella high IQ. She does it all in her head," Dina said proudly, and Michelle just smiled and nodded happily. The rest of the people in the room just looked at me in shock, and I simply shrugged my shoulders.
"Love, what is your IQ, if you don't mind me asking?" Kai asked me with a soft smile. I looked at him, put my book and pen down, then showed first 2, then 1, then 5 fingers. Everyone's jaw dropped to the floor.
My dad, grandpa, Jacob, Linda, Victor, Stuart, Olivia, Santiago, Alejandro, Caleb, my guards, ALL my brothers, all our friends, the ladies, and my guys—everyone looked at me in shock. I just shrugged again and continued my homework.
"Yeah, we took an IQ test for her when she worked at our ranch. We understood quickly she was smart and wanted to figure out just how smart. When we got the result, to say we were shocked would be an understatement," Michelle explained, and I just smiled up at her.
"She also has a photographic memory. She only needs to hear, read, or see something once and it’s stuck in her mind," Dina added. I nodded.
"Guess that explains how you remembered all of us when you got home?" Dad asked, still in shock, and I nodded my head.
After that, they focused back on the movie, and I started to get drowsy. My dad mentioned they had made a few rooms ready for my friends to stay the night and said I could go to bed if I were tired.
I nodded, so me and my guys went up to the bedroom. As Elaine and Emma promised, they had moved Kayden, Kai, Carter, Levi, and Ezra's things into my room and their clothes into my closets.
When I got into my room, I sat down by the vanity mirror, removed my makeup, and put my hair in a bun to take a quick shower before bed. I walked into the bathroom to brush my teeth first.
Just as I put down my toothbrush, Carter lifted me up onto the bathroom counter, standing between my legs. He leaned down and started to kiss me deeply, a heated, passionate kiss that made my head spin.
I felt the warmth of his body pressing against mine, one of his arms around my waist pulling me close, while the other supported the back of my neck. The air between us felt thick with tension and a deep, mutual need.
"Baby, you have been driving me crazy all day," he whispered against my lips. I looked into his sea-blue eyes and saw nothing but love, affection, and intense desire.
"I want you too, my love," I whispered, sliding my hands into his hair and pulling him back down to me. Our lips met again, hungrier this time.
"Do you want to take a shower with me today? I promise I will be gentle," he whispered, his breath hot against my jaw as he peppered kisses along my neckline.
"I would love to, Carter," I said, my voice barely a breath.
He began to help me out of my clothes until I was left in just my lace lingerie. He took a small step back, his eyes roaming over me with so much sincerity and adoration. "Baby, you look perfect," he said softly.
I reached for the buttons of his shirt, my fingers trembling slightly as I undid them one by one. Once the shirt was gone, I placed my hands on his warm, muscular chest, feeling the steady thrum of his heart. I bit my lower lip, tracing the lines of his body, and I could hear his breath hitch.
"You have no idea what you do to me when you look at me like that," he groaned, his hands finding my waist and pulling me to the very edge of the counter.
He leaned in, his lips finding the sensitive skin of my neck, sending shivers down my spine. The world outside the bathroom faded away until it was just the two of us, the heat between us rising as we lost ourselves in each other's touch. Every kiss and every caress was a silent promise of the night to come, a night filled with a deep, consuming passion that we had both been waiting for.

###Chapter 93.
Carter's pov
All day, I had only been thinking of one thing: having some quiet, alone time with my girl.
So when we finally got to her bedroom and she headed into the bathroom, I gave the guys a look. They all knew exactly what I was feeling and responded with supportive smirks and nods.
I followed her in and closed the door partway. While a bit of privacy was needed, the bond between us five and Lia was so strong that there were no secrets among us—only a shared devotion to her happiness.
Being alone with her felt like stepping into another world. The air was charged with a sweet, undeniable tension. As I held her close, I was struck once again by how lucky I was. Every touch, every soft breath she drew, felt like a gift.
I could feel her trust in me growing, her body relaxing against mine as our lips met in a heated, passionate exchange. It was more than just physical; it was the sound of her heart beating against mine, the way she whispered my name with such genuine affection. To me, that was the most beautiful music in the world.
"May I take the next step, baby?" I asked her softly. I wanted her to know that there was no pressure, no rush. I would never do anything to make her feel uncomfortable or scared.
She looked up at me with a radiant smile that made my heart skip a beat. "Yes, please, Carter. I want this... I want all of us," she said, her voice filled with a sweet sincerity that touched my soul.
In the warmth of the shower, with the water cascading around us, we shared a moment of profound intimacy. It was a dance of shadows and light, of whispered promises and soft, breathless sighs. I held her steady, my hands tracing the curves of her body with a reverence that bordered on worship. Every groan and every soft sound she made was a testament to the connection we were building—a connection rooted in love and mutual respect.
"Let me know if you need to stop," I whispered, resting my forehead against hers.
"Don't stop, baby. This is perfect," she breathed back.
When the world finally settled again, we stayed there for a long moment, leaning against each other under the warm spray. I felt a deep sense of peace wash over me.
"Thank you, baby. That was amazing," I said, tucking a wet strand of hair behind her ear.
"No, thank you, Carter. It was perfect," she replied, her eyes shining with love.
After helping her dry off, I lifted her onto the counter while I finished my own routine. I watched her start her skincare, but then I leaned in close, whispering in her ear so only she could hear.
"I think there are a few guys out there who would love to help you with that lotion," I said with a wink, sneaking one more quick kiss.
She nodded with a bright smile. I helped her into the closet to find her strawberry-scented lotion and some comfortable sleeping clothes. After I changed into my own sleeping shorts, I carried her back out into the bedroom.
While we were occupied, the other guys had taken their turns to freshen up as well. When we emerged, I sat on the bed with Lia on my lap. The moment the others walked back into the room, their eyes lit up seeing her.
She looked breathtakingly beautiful and completely at ease with us. A playful smirk crossed her face.
"So, would anyone like to help me with this lotion?" she asked sweetly, holding up the bottle.
The guys didn't need to be told twice. Their eagerness brought a chuckle to my lips.
"Of course we will help you, babe," Kayden said, stepping forward to take the lotion from her.
"You never have to do anything like that by yourself again, amore," Levi added, gently lifting her and settling her comfortably against the pillows.
"Tesoro, looking after you is our favorite job," Ezra said, giving her a quick, tender kiss on the forehead.
"Love, just relax and let us take care of you," Kai added, his voice soft as he began to massage her hand.
It was a beautiful sight: Kayden focusing on her back, Kai and Ezra taking her arms, and Levi and I focusing on her legs and feet. We worked together to massage the lotion into her skin, our touches light and filled with care. Lia just sat there, giggling at our collective eagerness, the sound of her laughter filling the room with warmth.
Once she was relaxed and glowing, she pulled on one of Kai’s oversized t-shirts.
"Love, I truly love seeing you in my clothes," Kai admitted, pulling her into a passionate but sweet kiss.
She made her rounds, giving each of us—Levi, Ezra, Kayden, and finally me—a goodnight kiss filled with the promise of a bright future. We all lay down together, a tangle of limbs and shared warmth, and it wasn't long before we all drifted off into a peaceful, contented sleep.

###Chapter 94.
Kai's pov.
We woke a little earlier than normal today, wanting to have some extra alone time with our girl.
We gently woke her up, showering her face with light, feather-soft kisses. I leaned down and trailed a few kisses along her neck as she began to stir.
She giggled softly, the sound of her sweet morning voice warming my heart. "Is this how I will be woken up from now on?" she asked, her eyes blinking open with a sleepy, happy glow.
"Yes, love. You will be showered with kisses like this every single morning from now on," I promised, finding a sensitive spot on her neck and lingering there until she let out a soft, contented sigh.
"Mmm, Kai," she whispered, her hands finding my hair and pulling me closer. I could feel my heart racing for her; the connection we shared was so intense it felt electric.
"Then I expect you to finish what you just started," she added with a playful giggle.
"Your wish is my command, love," I replied. The rest of the guys moved back slightly, giving us our own space while remaining close enough to share in the warmth of the moment.
I helped her out of the oversized t-shirt she was sleeping in and leaned down to kiss her passionately. My lips traced a path from her jaw down to her neck, savoring the way she reacted to my touch. She whispered my name again, her breath hitching as I held her close.
I trailed my hand down her side, my touch light and reverent. As I moved closer to her, she gasped slightly, her fingers tugging gently on my hair. "Kai, I need you," she whispered, biting her lip in that way that always made my resolve crumble.
I would never deny her anything that made her feel cherished and loved. With the world around us falling away, I focused entirely on her. My hands explored the curves of her body, and I could feel how much she wanted this closeness.
The intimacy between us grew, a slow and beautiful dance of touch and feeling. I looked into her eyes, seeing nothing but trust and affection. "You are so beautiful, Talia," I whispered against her skin.
As our movements synchronized, the tension between us built into something profound. It wasn't just physical; it was an outpouring of all the emotions we had been building since we met. We moved together in a rhythm that felt as natural as breathing, our hearts beating in sync.
"Love, you are so perfect in every way," I said, leaning down to capture her lips again. In that moment, as we shared a peak of intense emotion and physical connection, I knew that nothing would ever take me away from her. We were bound together, not just by our choices, but by a soul-deep connection.
After we both caught our breath, I stayed there for a moment, just holding her. "You are amazing," I whispered, kissing her forehead.
"All of you are perfect just the way you are," she replied, looking from me to the rest of the guys, her eyes filled with nothing but love.
"Come, let’s get you into the shower," I said with a smile. She nodded, and I gently lifted her in my arms.
I carried her into the bathroom and set her down. "I'll give you a moment of peace, love. Let me know when you're ready for the shower," I said, giving her a quick kiss on the lips before stepping back outside.
The guys looked at me, and I just whispered, "Giving her some privacy." They all nodded, understanding and respecting her space.
It wasn't long before I heard the water running. "Kai, come join me," she called out. A bright smile spread across my face, and the guys chuckled as I quickly headed back in.
"I'll join you in just a second, love," I said, kissing her temple before she stepped under the warm spray.
Once I joined her, I cupped her face, the water cascading over both of us. "You truly make me so happy, Talia. Thank you for being our girl. I don't think you realize how much you mean to all of us," I said with all the sincerity I possessed.
"And thank you for being my men," she replied, wrapping her arms around my neck. "You’ve given me a happiness I never thought I’d find."
We shared a deep, lingering kiss under the water. I helped her wash her hair, carefully massaging the shampoo and conditioner into her locks, enjoying the domesticity of the moment. After we finished and dried off, she opened the door so the other guys could take their turns.
While she went through her skincare routine, we headed into the closet to change. We were careful to keep the door locked—these bodies were for her eyes only. We quickly pulled on our boxers, jeans, and hoodies, then stepped back out to style our hair in the mirror.
We waited for her to finish getting ready. Today, she looked effortlessly stunning with her hair in a messy bun, wearing black ripped jeans, a white tube top, and a matching zip-up hoodie. Seeing her like this—relaxed, safe, and loved—was the best start to the day we could ever ask for.

###Chapter 95..
Talia's pov.
I truly feel so lucky to have my guys. I’ve reached a new level of closeness with three of them, and I find myself looking forward to sharing those special moments with Ezra and Levi as well. I just hope they don’t feel left out or think I’m prioritizing the others.
I decided I would ride with the two of them to school today and talk to them about what’s been on my mind. But first, breakfast.
When we got down to the dining room, as always, everyone wanted to give me a good morning hug and kisses on my head, forehead, or cheeks. For breakfast today, I ended up on Brandon’s lap, and Leon happily took my leftovers.
My dad asked my friends if they had slept well, and they said it was the best sleep they had ever had. My dad, of course, told them they were always welcome here. It looks like my friends will be regulars in this household, just like the friends of my brothers—Henry, Paul, Benjamin, and Axel—who are always around.
After breakfast, we piled into the cars for school. I rode with Ezra driving and Levi in the back, while I took the passenger seat. Ezra reached over and held my hand on my lap as we started our drive.
I think they noticed I had something on my mind because Levi spoke up from the back.
"Amore, is something bothering you?" I looked back at him and gave him a reassuring smile.
"No, not really, but I wanted to talk to you two about something," I said, feeling a slight blush creep up my neck.
"Tesoro, whatever it is, we are here for you," Ezra said, bringing my hand up to his lips for a tender kiss.
I looked at him gratefully. "Thank you. It’s just... I hope you two don’t feel neglected because I haven't shared the same level of physical intimacy with you two yet," I said, my voice trailing off a little.
They both looked at me, surprised for a moment, before warm smiles spread across their faces.
"Amore, we know it can’t be easy balancing your feelings for five different guys. No, we don’t feel left out," Levi said, leaning forward to place a comforting hand on my shoulder. "We know our time will come. Seeing you so happy and cared for by the others actually brings us peace. Knowing you are being cherished is what matters most to all of us."
"I agree with Levi," Ezra added, caressing the back of my hand. "We all feel the same way. We’re in this for the long haul, and we want you to feel completely comfortable and ready. For all five of us, you are the priority. We love you more than you know, and we are perfectly happy to move at your pace. Please don’t worry that we feel any less loved."
"Thank you, guys," I said, my eyes filling with happy tears. "I love you both just as much as the other three. I never want any of you to feel less important to me because you all mean the world to me, and I love you all equally."
"We know, Amore," Levi explained gently. "We’ll always talk about it if we ever feel uneasy. In a relationship like ours, communication is everything. We’re a team."
"Trust us, Tesoro," Ezra said, kissing my hand again. "We only feel positive things. We know this is all new for you, and we’re honored to be by your side."
"Thank you for being so good to me," I whispered, smiling through my tears.
"Amore, you are seriously the cutest girl there is!" Levi said, leaning forward to kiss my cheek.
Not long after, we arrived at school. My brothers and their friends said their goodbyes, as did Evan and Luke. My boyfriends each gave me a goodbye kiss, and then me, Carter, Declan, Theo, Kyle, Camilla, Jake, Austin, and Aurora headed to our classes.
School went by quickly. During lunch, we all chilled together, eating and talking. I sat on Adam's lap, and Bryan finished my leftovers. The guys on the football and basketball teams kept trying to recruit me, but my brothers stepped in, reminding them I needed to take it easy for now.
After the school day ended, our friends came back to our house. The guys and I spent some time in the music room before dinner. When it was time to eat, I sat on Nathan's lap, and Joshua got my leftovers.
"Sweetheart, maybe you can work your magic today after dinner?" Michelle asked with a hopeful smile, and I nodded happily.
"Oh nice, that will be a balm for my soul," Simone added.
My friends, who didn't know what they were talking about, looked confused. Declan laughed at their expressions.
"They want to listen to her play the piano. It truly does your soul good to hear her play," he explained.
"Of course she plays the piano too," Jake said, still sounding shocked.
"Is there anything she’s not good at?" Aurora asked, which made everyone at the table laugh. I just gave them a sheepish smile.
After dinner, we all moved into the living room. Zeus and Hades stretched out next to me by the piano, while everyone else got comfortable on the couches and chairs.
I began my first song of the night, Kiss the Rain. I closed my eyes, letting the melody flow through my fingers, allowing the music to fill the room and speak the words I didn't always have the voice for.

###Chapter 96.

Ezra's pov.
Seeing my girl with Kayden the day before yesterday, hearing how she was with Carter yesterday, and seeing her with Kai this morning... I still find it hard to believe how we’ve been lucky enough to have this incredible girl as ours.
Hearing how concerned she was that we might feel left out just shows how pure her heart is. She is the sweetest girl there is, and I’m beyond happy to call her mine.
Sitting here now, listening to her wonderful piano playing, I can just lean back and get lost in the melody. I’ve never been particularly fond of classical music or piano, but she changed all of that at the mafia ball. Simone was right—it truly is magical to listen to.
When she finished her first song, she immediately started another. (Can you feel the love tonight - Piano version)
"Wow, she is really good!" Luke whispered, sounding shocked.
"I know, right? And she isn't even looking at the keys," Camilla whispered back.
I opened my eyes to watch her. She sat there so elegantly, eyes closed, letting the music fly from her fingertips.
"She could be a professional if she wanted to; she has the talent," Austin whispered. The rest of her friends and the brothers around us all nodded in agreement.
As she played Memories and then Halo, the room was silent, everyone completely mesmerized. Elena joked that it was a crime she made it look so easy.
When Camilla asked if she could play Unstoppable after just one listen, we watched Talia listen to the song on her phone once and then sit back at the keys. When she started playing, our jaws dropped. The pride in Michelle and Dina’s eyes said it all.
"I'm beyond amazed," Austin said. We all nodded, completely awestruck.
I saw Lia yawn and looked at the other guys. We all agreed: after this next song, we’d take her up to bed. She played one last beautiful melody, A Little Story, leaning her head on Kayden’s shoulder as he sat beside her on the stool. Even as she yawned again, her fingers never missed a beat.
When the lid finally closed, Kayden lifted her up bridal style. We said our goodnights to the family and thanked everyone for the evening.
Once we were safely behind our bedroom door, I walked up to her while she was still in Kayden’s arms. "You played amazing as always, Tesoro," I whispered.
She reached her arms out to me, and I tucked her into my own embrace. She wrapped her arms around my neck, hugging me tightly, before she began to leave soft, lingering kisses along my jawline. When she found the sensitive spot on my neck, a shiver ran down my spine.
"Mmm, Tesoro," I whispered, holding her closer as she wrapped her legs around my waist. I think all the guys were as shocked as I was—this was the first time she had taken the lead like this.
I walked us back toward the bed and sat down so she was straddling my lap. She looked at me with an intensity in her eyes that took my breath away.
"Ezra, I want you," she whispered.
I didn't need to be told twice. I helped her out of her hoodie and top, my heart hammering against my ribs. I stood up and gently laid her down on the bed, my lips meeting hers in a deep, hungry kiss. Every touch felt electric, every breath shared was a promise. The world outside that room ceased to exist; there was only the heat between us and the deep, consuming love I felt for the girl in front of me.
###Chapter 97.

Ezra's pov.
I continued to shower her with kisses, moving from her lips to her neck, savoring the soft sounds she made. The intimacy between us was building into something beautiful and overwhelming. My hands traced the curves of her body with a reverence I had never felt before, and I could feel her responding to every touch, her fingers tangling in my hair and pulling me closer.
As our connection deepened, the air in the room felt thick with a beautiful, shared need. I looked into her eyes and was struck by the sheer amount of trust and love I saw there.
"Please, Ezra," she whispered, her voice a soft plea that made my soul ache with affection.
I moved with her, our bodies finding a perfect, natural rhythm. It was a dance of shadows and warmth, a celebration of the bond we had fought so hard to build. She moved with a grace that mesmerized me, her eyes locked onto mine as we shared a moment of profound, soul-deep intimacy.
Every breath, every soft sigh, and every shared look was a testament to how far we had come. I felt like I was floating, lost in the sensation of being completely one with her. When the intensity finally reached its peak, sending us both into a state of pure, radiant bliss, she collapsed onto my chest, her heart beating a frantic, happy rhythm against mine.
"Tesoro, you are so amazing. I love you so much," I whispered, kissing the top of her head.
She looked up, her eyes shining. "That was perfect. I love you too, Ezra."
I helped her up, though she giggled and admitted her legs felt like jelly. I chuckled, as did the other guys, and I carried her into the bathroom. We stepped into the warm spray of the shower together.
"Thank you for being you, Ezra," she said, resting her head against my chest as the water washed over us.
"Tesoro, you are the only one for me," I whispered, holding her steady. I spent the next few minutes helping her wash, my movements gentle and filled with care. After we were both clean and dried off, I carried her into the closet.
She told me what she wanted to wear, and I noticed she had a bright smile on her face when she told us we didn't need to wear sleeping shorts anymore. "I'll be the only one seeing you all!" she teased.
I smiled back, more than happy to ditch the extra layers. I carried her back into the bedroom, helping her into her comfortable sleeping clothes. While we waited for the other guys to finish up, we just sat and talked.
I found myself mesmerized by her. Not just because she is drop-dead gorgeous, but because of the person she is. She’s kind, considerate, and has a heart of gold, yet she’s strong enough to stand her ground. And her talent... I’m truly lucky to have a girl like her.
The rest of the guys joined us, and it wasn't long before we were all settled in bed. We took turns helping her apply her lotion, massaging her skin until she eventually drifted off to sleep against Kayden’s chest.
"She must be exhausted after today," Levi whispered, brushing a strand of hair from her face.
"She always likes having her hair braided for sleep," Carter noted. We all nodded and, after watching the maids do it so many times, we actually managed to give her two neat braids.
With our girl safe and loved in our arms, we finally let sleep take us as well.
###Chapter 98.
Levi's pov
I woke up early in the morning, finding myself just looking at our girl.
She sure is something special. Thinking back to the intimacy she shared with the others, I feel a surge of intense desire and gratitude that this incredible, beautiful girl is ours. We will all do everything in our power to always make her happy.
She is so sweet and caring; I can't help but fall deeper in love with her kind heart every single day. And seeing her sleeping in my t-shirt... man, I will never get tired of seeing her in my clothes.
I noticed she was holding my arm in her sleep. She is just so precious, it’s crazy. I gently caressed the hand she had tucked against me, watching her peaceful expression. In just a few more days, she’ll be ready to speak to everyone, not just us. I know it will be good for her, but I just hope she feels ready for that step. We’re all here to support her, even if we can't fully understand her fears.
I still remember her panic when she first spoke in front of us. I just pray everything goes well this Saturday. She is so amazing when she sings, and I know everyone will fall in love with her voice. She deserves to shine like the light she is.
"Good morning, Levi," her beautiful voice drew me out of my thoughts.
I looked up to see her already watching me with a radiant smile. "Good morning, Amore," I whispered back, not wanting to wake the other guys just yet.
"Do you want to take a shower with me this morning?" she asked so sweetly that my heart skipped a beat.
"Amore, I would love to," I whispered. We both carefully made our way out of bed and into the bathroom.
"I’ll be out in a second, love," she said shyly as I stepped into the closet to pick out my clothes for the day. I set my things on the couch, my pulse quickening with anticipation.
When I stepped back into the bathroom, she was standing there, looking like a literal goddess. Every time I see her, I am struck by her beauty. The connection between us felt electric, the air thick with a mutual, growing need.
She walked up to me slowly, and I wrapped my arms around her waist, pulling her flush against me. She began to kiss my chest, her hands moving gently and seductively over my skin, sending waves of heat through my body. She looked up at me with a playful, hungry glint in her eyes that told me exactly what she wanted.
In the quiet of the morning, we shared a moment of intense, breathless intimacy. She was so attentive, her touch filled with a mix of curiosity and deep affection. Every soft sound she made, every lingering look she gave me through her thick lashes, made my head spin. I felt completely overwhelmed by my love for her and the way she chose to show her desire for me.
"Amore," I groaned softly, lost in the sensation of her closeness. The trust she placed in me, and the way she wanted to please me, was the most incredible feeling I’ve ever experienced.
When the world around us seemed to blur into a haze of pure emotion and physical sensation, I leaned down to capture her lips in a passionate kiss. I lifted her up, her arms wrapping around my neck and her legs around my waist, holding her close as I carried her into the shower.
As the warm water began to fall over us, I whispered against her skin, "Let me show you how much you mean to me, Amore."
She nodded, biting her lower lip. I held her steady against the wall, my touch reverent as I focused entirely on her. I wanted to return every bit of the pleasure she had given me. I kissed my way down her body, my hands tracing her curves as she began to breathe my name like a prayer.
"Mmm, Levi... please don't stop," she whispered.
I focused all my attention on making her feel cherished. As her sighs turned into soft, rhythmic sounds of joy, I knew she was reaching that peak of bliss. I held her through it all, savoring the way her body reacted to mine, until she finally relaxed against me, her heart thrumming a fast, happy beat.
"Please, Levi... I need to feel you close," she whispered, her eyes filled with a deep, soulful need.
I leaned in to kiss her, lifting her slightly so our bodies could finally become one. As we moved together under the cascading water, we found a perfect, effortless rhythm. It was a beautiful symphony of whispered names and shared warmth.
I have never felt anything as right as this. She felt like home, and every movement was a silent promise that I would always be there for her. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold back my own emotions for long, lost in the sheer perfection of being with the girl I loved.

###Chapter 99.
Talia's pov.
It feels so incredible to be this close to my guys. They all make me feel cherished and loved, and in the heat of the moment, I can’t help but let out soft sighs of pure happiness.
I felt Levi’s lips trailing from my jaw down to my neck, finding that sensitive spot he knows I love. His touch was firm yet filled with a tenderness that sent waves of warmth through me. As we moved together, the intensity of our connection reached a peak that left me breathless.
He matched my rhythm, and before I knew it, we were both lost in a world where nothing else mattered but the two of us. I rested my head on his shoulder, and he held me tightly against his chest, his heart beating a fast, happy rhythm against mine.
"Amore, I have never felt anything more perfect than this," he whispered, then captured my lips in a kiss filled with so much love it made my head spin.
After we pulled away, I rested my forehead against his. "Babe, you guys are seriously the best thing that has ever happened to me," I said, giving him one more kiss on those sweet lips I can never get enough of.
After that, he helped me clean up in the shower, and I did the same for him. We were just finishing drying off when the other guys joined us in the bathroom.
"Figured we could help you with your lotion before Elaina and Emma get here," Carter said with a smile. The others all nodded with matching grins, making me chuckle.
"Of course, I would love the help," I smiled at them while Levi finished drying me off.
They spent the next few minutes carefully massaging the strawberry lotion into my skin, their touches light and affectionate. Once they were done, the rest of the guys headed into the shower while I brushed my teeth and went through my skincare routine.
I walked into the closet with Levi to get dressed for the day. Today, I chose white lingerie, light gray skinny ripped jeans, a white off-the-shoulder top from Lauren Ralph Lauren, and my white sneakers. When we walked back into the bedroom, Emma and Elaina were already there, tidying up.
I sat at the vanity, and Elaina began to blow-dry my hair while Emma applied a light, natural makeup look. Today, Elaina styled my hair in a neat, elegant bun. Once everyone was ready, we headed down for breakfast.
Before we knew it, we were at school. Our homeroom teacher, Mr. Campbell, gave us an assignment to work on in groups of five. I ended up with Camilla, Aurora, Austin, and Jake, which was perfect.
We were allowed to work anywhere in the school, so our group—along with Kyle, Theo, Declan, Carter, and a girl named Lisa—headed to the cafeteria since lunch would be right after. We settled in and started brainstorming.
We had to choose a famous writer for a biography, and we decided on Edgar Allan Poe. After divvying up the research, we opened our laptops and got to work.
"Is it okay if I put on some music while we work?" Aurora asked. We all nodded in agreement.
"You know, I still can’t get over your amazing piano skills, Talia," Jake said suddenly.
"I know, right! And she doesn’t even look at the keys," Austin added, looking up from his laptop. I just smiled and shook my head at them.
"Can you please play again today after dinner?" Camilla asked with a hopeful look.
I looked from her to Carter. We needed today and tomorrow to make sure we were fully prepared for Saturday.
"I'm sorry, but we have to borrow her expertise to get ready for Saturday. We’ll be practicing all evening today and tomorrow," Carter said. Camilla looked at him with a mock-sad expression.
"But I'm sure she’s helped you guys enough by now! She doesn’t need to hold your hand through it all, right?" Aurora pouted.
"I'm sorry, but we really do need her," Carter insisted, focusing on his laptop this time.
"That is so unfair!" Jake lamented.
"Yeah, welcome to our life. They’ve stolen our sister away from us," Declan whined playfully. Carter and I shared a smile before looking back at my brothers.
"It’s going to be forever before I can hear you play again!" Camilla sighed, fake-wiping a tear, which made me smile at her silliness.
"Do you play an instrument?" Lisa asked curiously. I nodded, and the others chimed in immediately.
"And she is incredible! She only needs to hear a song once and she can play it perfectly. She makes it look so easy!" Camilla said excitedly.
"Well, why don't you play a little on the piano here in the cafeteria? There aren't many people here now, I’m sure they won’t mind," Lisa suggested. I looked at her in disbelief.
"Oh my god, that is an amazing idea!" Austin said, his face lighting up.
I looked at him with wide eyes and pointed to my laptop, indicating we had work to do.
"Well, we can work a little longer, and then you can play for us? Please, Talia, I really want to hear your music again!" Aurora begged.
I looked around at all of them—even my brothers and Carter had hopeful eyes. I finally gave a short nod and shrugged.
"Perfect! Let’s get this work done then, honey. I can't wait," Camilla said, diving back into the assignment with renewed energy.
While we worked, I listened to the music Aurora was playing, memorizing the melodies so I’d have something to play for them later. Soon, a few more people started trickling into the cafeteria. Camilla reached over and closed my laptop.
"Alright, girl. I want to hear you play now, please!" she begged. I let out a deep breath and nodded.
"Is it okay with everyone if we use the piano for a bit?" Austin asked the room. No one objected, so I stood up, walked over to the piano, and took my seat.

###Chapter 100.
Declan's pov
I won't lie, I was just as eager to hear her play as everyone else, so I was glad Camilla and the others managed to talk her into it.
Talia stood up and walked over to the piano, which sat in the corner right next to us. We all shifted to that side of the table, sitting as close as we could to support her.
Then, she began to play. (Nuvole Bianche - Ludovico Einaudi)
The usual chatter of the cafeteria died down instantly. People stopped mid-sentence, looking over at Talia with expressions of pure shock. As the melody drifted through the air, more and more students began to trickle in—including the rest of our brothers, our friends, and, of course, Talia's guys.
They all sat down near us, their expressions softening. We all shared a deep love for listening to her play; it was like she was speaking a language only she knew.
"Wow, I never thought I’d see her play here in the cafeteria," Adam whispered, looking both shocked and immensely proud.
"Well, Camilla, Aurora, Austin, and Jake are pretty persuasive when they want to be," Theo said, a permanent smile fixed on his face as he watched his twin.
"She should do this more often during lunch," Nico added, taking a bite of his sandwich. "What better way to enjoy a meal than this?"
She transitioned into another song, one that felt familiar. (See You Again - Piano version)
"Wow, I was just listening to this song while we were working!" Aurora said happily.
"I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that she only needs to hear a song once to play it perfectly," Camilla whispered, her eyes wide with excitement.
"At this point, I think I’ve given up on being surprised by her. She’s just a legend," Jake joked, shaking his head with a smile.
Carter stood up, taking the sandwich Kayden had prepared for Talia. He walked over and sat on the bench beside her. "We can't have you neglecting your lunch, love," he murmured. He said something else to her, and she nodded before starting her next piece: (7 Years - Piano version).
I looked around and realized the cafeteria was more packed than I had ever seen it. There were even a few teachers standing by the doors. Word must have spread through the halls like wildfire.
It was a beautiful sight—Talia effortlessly moving her hands over the keys while Carter carefully fed her small pieces of the sandwich between phrases. It was domestic, sweet, and incredibly impressive all at once.
Next came Stay. This was the one where her hands moved so incredibly fast it was hard to even track her fingers. I looked at Carter, who was sitting right next to her; even he looked stunned by her speed up close.
"She’s incredible," I heard someone whisper from a nearby table.
When the song ended, someone from the crowd shouted, "Can you play Dance Monkey?"
Talia looked up, swallowed a bite of her sandwich, and gave a small nod. When the first notes of Dance Monkey filled the room, the collective jaw of the cafeteria dropped. People started filming on their phones, and a few whispered "Wow" in the silence, but otherwise, the room was captivated.
Just as she was about to stand up, Mr. Johansson, the school’s music teacher, rushed over. He whispered something in her ear. She looked at him for a moment, then back at us, before letting out a quiet breath and sitting back down.
She began to play Passacaglia. She closed her eyes, letting her soul flow into the music. It was so hauntingly beautiful that many of us felt tears pricking our eyes. Mr. Johansson looked at her with such awe and reverence; it was clear he had never encountered a talent like hers before.
When the final note faded, she stood up and gave the teacher a polite bow. Suddenly, the entire cafeteria erupted into thunderous applause. Talia gave them a small, shy smile and a nod before walking back to us.
She sat down on Kayden’s lap, finished the rest of her sandwich with Carter’s help, and handed the crusts to me. We finished the school day in a bit of a daze, and as soon as we got home, Talia and her guys disappeared into their own world until dinner.
In the middle of our meal, a guard entered to announce that a teacher from school was at the door, asking for Talia. We were all confused, but Grandpa told the guard to let him in. It was Mr. Johansson.
"Good evening. I’m terribly sorry to disturb you so late," he said with a warm smile. "But I was hoping to speak with Talia for a moment. I’m happy to wait until you’ve finished your dinner."
Talia looked at Grandpa, who nodded, and she stood up. Her guards followed her out, while Dominic made sure the dogs stayed with us.
A few minutes later, the sound of a piano began to drift in from the living room. It wasn't the light, pop-inspired melodies from earlier; this sounded like something incredibly difficult. (Beethoven’s Hammerklavier)
"Damn, she’s playing the hard stuff now," Dina said, sounding genuinely shocked.
"You recognize it?" I asked.
"She’s playing some of the most difficult pieces ever written for the piano," he replied, listening intently.
We sat there for nearly two hours, listening to the masterful music flowing through the house. We all wondered what Mr. Johansson could possibly want.
Finally, after another thirty minutes, Talia and her guards walked the teacher to the front door. As soon as it closed, we saw Talia lean heavily against Tyler’s chest. He didn't hesitate to pick her up bridal style. By the time they reached the dining room, she was already fast asleep, completely drained from the day.
Kai, Kayden, Carter, Ezra, and Levi stood up in unison. Kayden gently took her from Tyler’s arms, and they all said their goodnights before heading upstairs, leaving the rest of us in awe of our remarkable sister.

